content/docs/reference/pkg/azure/automation/getintvariable.md, before:


---
title: "GetIntVariable"
block_external_search_index: true
---



Use this data source to access information about an existing Automation Int Variable.


{{% examples %}}
{{% /examples %}}





## Using GetIntVariable {#using}

{{< chooser language "javascript,typescript,python,go,csharp" / >}}


{{% choosable language typescript %}}
<div class="highlight"><pre class="chroma"><code class="language-typescript" data-lang="typescript"><span class="k">function </span>getIntVariable<span class="p">(</span><span class="nx">args</span>: <span class="nx"><a href="/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/azure/automation/#GetIntVariableArgs">GetIntVariableArgs</a></span><span class="p">, </span><span class="nx">opts</span>?: <span class="nx"><a href="/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#InvokeOptions">InvokeOptions</a></span><span class="p">): Promise&lt;<span class="nx"><a href="/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/azure/automation/#GetIntVariableResult">GetIntVariableResult</a></span>></span></code></pre></div>
{{% /choosable %}}


{{% choosable language python %}}
<div class="highlight"><pre class="chroma"><code class="language-python" data-lang="python"><span class="k">function </span> get_int_variable(</span>automation_account_name=None<span class="p">, </span>name=None<span class="p">, </span>resource_group_name=None<span class="p">, </span>opts=None<span class="p">)</span></code></pre></div>
{{% /choosable %}}


{{% choosable language go %}}
<div class="highlight"><pre class="chroma"><code class="language-go" data-lang="go"><span class="k">func </span>LookupIntVariable<span class="p">(</span><span class="nx">ctx</span> *<span class="nx"><a href="https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pulumi/pulumi/sdk/v2/go/pulumi?tab=doc#Context">pulumi.Context</a></span><span class="p">, </span><span class="nx">args</span> <span class="nx"><a href="https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pulumi/pulumi-azure/sdk/v3/go/azure/automation?tab=doc#LookupIntVariableArgs">LookupIntVariableArgs</a></span><span class="p">, </span><span class="nx">opts</span> ...<span class="nx"><a href="https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pulumi/pulumi/sdk/v2/go/pulumi?tab=doc#InvokeOption">pulumi.InvokeOption</a></span><span class="p">) (*<span class="nx"><a href="https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pulumi/pulumi-azure/sdk/v3/go/azure/automation?tab=doc#LookupIntVariableResult">LookupIntVariableResult</a></span>, error)</span></code></pre></div>
{{% /choosable %}}


{{% choosable language csharp %}}
<div class="highlight"><pre class="chroma"><code class="language-csharp" data-lang="csharp"><span class="k">public static class </span><span class="nx">GetIntVariable </span><span class="p">{</span><span class="k">
    public static </span>Task&lt;<span class="nx"><a href="/docs/reference/pkg/dotnet/Pulumi.Azure/Pulumi.Azure.Automation.GetIntVariableResult.html">GetIntVariableResult</a></span>> <span class="p">InvokeAsync(</span><span class="nx"><a href="/docs/reference/pkg/dotnet/Pulumi.Azure/Pulumi.Azure.Automation.GetIntVariableArgs.html">GetIntVariableArgs</a></span> <span class="nx">args<span class="p">, </span><span class="nx"><a href="/docs/reference/pkg/dotnet/Pulumi/Pulumi.InvokeOptions.html">InvokeOptions</a></span>? <span class="nx">opts = null<span class="p">)</span><span class="p">
}</span></code></pre></div>
{{% /choosable %}}



The following arguments are supported:



{{% choosable language csharp %}}
<dl class="resources-properties">

    <dt class="property-required"
            title="Required">
        <span>Automation<wbr>Account<wbr>Name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/built-in-types">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}The name of the automation account in which the Automation Variable exists.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-required"
            title="Required">
        <span>Name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/built-in-types">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}The name of the Automation Variable.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-required"
            title="Required">
        <span>Resource<wbr>Group<wbr>Name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/built-in-types">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}The Name of the Resource Group where the automation account exists.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

</dl>
{{% /choosable %}}


{{% choosable language go %}}
<dl class="resources-properties">

    <dt class="property-required"
            title="Required">
        <span>Automation<wbr>Account<wbr>Name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://golang.org/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}The name of the automation account in which the Automation Variable exists.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-required"
            title="Required">
        <span>Name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://golang.org/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}The name of the Automation Variable.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-required"
            title="Required">
        <span>Resource<wbr>Group<wbr>Name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://golang.org/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}The Name of the Resource Group where the automation account exists.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

</dl>
{{% /choosable %}}


{{% choosable language nodejs %}}
<dl class="resources-properties">

    <dt class="property-required"
            title="Required">
        <span>automation<wbr>Account<wbr>Name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}The name of the automation account in which the Automation Variable exists.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-required"
            title="Required">
        <span>name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}The name of the Automation Variable.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-required"
            title="Required">
        <span>resource<wbr>Group<wbr>Name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}The Name of the Resource Group where the automation account exists.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

</dl>
{{% /choosable %}}


{{% choosable language python %}}
<dl class="resources-properties">

    <dt class="property-required"
            title="Required">
        <span>automation_<wbr>account_<wbr>name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html">str</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}The name of the automation account in which the Automation Variable exists.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-required"
            title="Required">
        <span>name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html">str</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}The name of the Automation Variable.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-required"
            title="Required">
        <span>resource_<wbr>group_<wbr>name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html">str</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}The Name of the Resource Group where the automation account exists.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

</dl>
{{% /choosable %}}








## GetIntVariable Result {#result}

The following output properties are available:




{{% choosable language csharp %}}
<dl class="resources-properties">

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Automation<wbr>Account<wbr>Name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/built-in-types">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Description</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/built-in-types">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}The description of the Automation Variable.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Encrypted</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/built-in-types">bool</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}Specifies if the Automation Variable is encrypted. Defaults to `false`.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Id</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/built-in-types">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}id is the provider-assigned unique ID for this managed resource.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/built-in-types">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Resource<wbr>Group<wbr>Name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/built-in-types">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Value</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/built-in-types">int</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}The value of the Automation Variable as a `integer`.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

</dl>
{{% /choosable %}}


{{% choosable language go %}}
<dl class="resources-properties">

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Automation<wbr>Account<wbr>Name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://golang.org/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Description</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://golang.org/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}The description of the Automation Variable.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Encrypted</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://golang.org/pkg/builtin/#boolean">bool</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}Specifies if the Automation Variable is encrypted. Defaults to `false`.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Id</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://golang.org/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}id is the provider-assigned unique ID for this managed resource.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://golang.org/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Resource<wbr>Group<wbr>Name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://golang.org/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Value</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://golang.org/pkg/builtin/#integer">int</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}The value of the Automation Variable as a `integer`.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

</dl>
{{% /choosable %}}


{{% choosable language nodejs %}}
<dl class="resources-properties">

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>automation<wbr>Account<wbr>Name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>description</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}The description of the Automation Variable.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>encrypted</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/boolean">boolean</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}Specifies if the Automation Variable is encrypted. Defaults to `false`.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>id</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}id is the provider-assigned unique ID for this managed resource.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>resource<wbr>Group<wbr>Name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>value</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/integer">number</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}The value of the Automation Variable as a `integer`.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

</dl>
{{% /choosable %}}


{{% choosable language python %}}
<dl class="resources-properties">

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>automation_<wbr>account_<wbr>name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html">str</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>description</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html">str</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}The description of the Automation Variable.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>encrypted</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html">bool</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}Specifies if the Automation Variable is encrypted. Defaults to `false`.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>id</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html">str</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}id is the provider-assigned unique ID for this managed resource.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html">str</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>resource_<wbr>group_<wbr>name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html">str</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>value</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html">float</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}The value of the Automation Variable as a `integer`.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

</dl>
{{% /choosable %}}

Commit message:

Regenerate all resource docs (#3044)
* Make committing to git optional in gen_all_resource_docs.sh.

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-alicloud

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-aws

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-azure

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-azuread

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-cloudamqp

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-cloudflare

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-consul

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-digitalocean

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-dnsimple

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-docker

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-fastly

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-f5bigip

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-gcp

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-gitlab

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-kafka

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-kubernetes

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-keycloak

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-linode

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-mysql

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-newrelic

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-okta

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-openstack

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-packet

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-postgresql

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-rabbitmq

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-rancher2

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-random

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-signalfx

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-spotinst

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-vsphere

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-tls

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-vault

content/docs/reference/pkg/azure/automation/getintvariable.md, after:


---
title: "GetIntVariable"
title_tag: "Function GetIntVariable | Module automation | Package Azure"
meta_desc: "Explore the GetIntVariable function of the automation module, including examples, input properties, output properties, and supporting types. Use this data source to access information about an existing Automation Int Variable."
---



<!-- WARNING: this file was generated by Pulumi Docs Generator. -->
<!-- Do not edit by hand unless you're certain you know what you are doing! -->

Use this data source to access information about an existing Automation Int Variable.


{{% examples %}}
{{% /examples %}}



## Using GetIntVariable {#using}

{{< chooser language "javascript,typescript,python,go,csharp" / >}}


{{% choosable language typescript %}}
<div class="highlight"><pre class="chroma"><code class="language-typescript" data-lang="typescript"><span class="k">function </span>getIntVariable<span class="p">(</span><span class="nx">args</span>: <span class="nx"><a href="/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/azure/automation/#GetIntVariableArgs">GetIntVariableArgs</a></span><span class="p">, </span><span class="nx">opts</span>?: <span class="nx"><a href="/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#InvokeOptions">InvokeOptions</a></span><span class="p">): Promise&lt;<span class="nx"><a href="/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/azure/automation/#GetIntVariableResult">GetIntVariableResult</a></span>></span></code></pre></div>
{{% /choosable %}}


{{% choosable language python %}}
<div class="highlight"><pre class="chroma"><code class="language-python" data-lang="python"><span class="k">function </span> get_int_variable(</span>automation_account_name=None<span class="p">, </span>name=None<span class="p">, </span>resource_group_name=None<span class="p">, </span>opts=None<span class="p">)</span></code></pre></div>
{{% /choosable %}}


{{% choosable language go %}}
<div class="highlight"><pre class="chroma"><code class="language-go" data-lang="go"><span class="k">func </span>LookupIntVariable<span class="p">(</span><span class="nx">ctx</span> *<span class="nx"><a href="https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pulumi/pulumi/sdk/v2/go/pulumi?tab=doc#Context">pulumi.Context</a></span><span class="p">, </span><span class="nx">args</span> <span class="nx"><a href="https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pulumi/pulumi-azure/sdk/v3/go/azure/automation?tab=doc#LookupIntVariableArgs">LookupIntVariableArgs</a></span><span class="p">, </span><span class="nx">opts</span> ...<span class="nx"><a href="https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pulumi/pulumi/sdk/v2/go/pulumi?tab=doc#InvokeOption">pulumi.InvokeOption</a></span><span class="p">) (*<span class="nx"><a href="https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pulumi/pulumi-azure/sdk/v3/go/azure/automation?tab=doc#LookupIntVariableResult">LookupIntVariableResult</a></span>, error)</span></code></pre></div>
{{% /choosable %}}


{{% choosable language csharp %}}
<div class="highlight"><pre class="chroma"><code class="language-csharp" data-lang="csharp"><span class="k">public static class </span><span class="nx">GetIntVariable </span><span class="p">{</span><span class="k">
    public static </span>Task&lt;<span class="nx"><a href="/docs/reference/pkg/dotnet/Pulumi.Azure/Pulumi.Azure.Automation.GetIntVariableResult.html">GetIntVariableResult</a></span>> <span class="p">InvokeAsync(</span><span class="nx"><a href="/docs/reference/pkg/dotnet/Pulumi.Azure/Pulumi.Azure.Automation.GetIntVariableArgs.html">GetIntVariableArgs</a></span> <span class="nx">args<span class="p">, </span><span class="nx"><a href="/docs/reference/pkg/dotnet/Pulumi/Pulumi.InvokeOptions.html">InvokeOptions</a></span>? <span class="nx">opts = null<span class="p">)</span><span class="p">
}</span></code></pre></div>
{{% /choosable %}}



The following arguments are supported:



{{% choosable language csharp %}}
<dl class="resources-properties">

    <dt class="property-required"
            title="Required">
        <span>Automation<wbr>Account<wbr>Name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/built-in-types">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}The name of the automation account in which the Automation Variable exists.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-required"
            title="Required">
        <span>Name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/built-in-types">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}The name of the Automation Variable.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-required"
            title="Required">
        <span>Resource<wbr>Group<wbr>Name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/built-in-types">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}The Name of the Resource Group where the automation account exists.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

</dl>
{{% /choosable %}}


{{% choosable language go %}}
<dl class="resources-properties">

    <dt class="property-required"
            title="Required">
        <span>Automation<wbr>Account<wbr>Name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://golang.org/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}The name of the automation account in which the Automation Variable exists.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-required"
            title="Required">
        <span>Name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://golang.org/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}The name of the Automation Variable.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-required"
            title="Required">
        <span>Resource<wbr>Group<wbr>Name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://golang.org/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}The Name of the Resource Group where the automation account exists.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

</dl>
{{% /choosable %}}


{{% choosable language nodejs %}}
<dl class="resources-properties">

    <dt class="property-required"
            title="Required">
        <span>automation<wbr>Account<wbr>Name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}The name of the automation account in which the Automation Variable exists.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-required"
            title="Required">
        <span>name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}The name of the Automation Variable.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-required"
            title="Required">
        <span>resource<wbr>Group<wbr>Name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}The Name of the Resource Group where the automation account exists.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

</dl>
{{% /choosable %}}


{{% choosable language python %}}
<dl class="resources-properties">

    <dt class="property-required"
            title="Required">
        <span>automation_<wbr>account_<wbr>name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html">str</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}The name of the automation account in which the Automation Variable exists.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-required"
            title="Required">
        <span>name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html">str</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}The name of the Automation Variable.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-required"
            title="Required">
        <span>resource_<wbr>group_<wbr>name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html">str</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}The Name of the Resource Group where the automation account exists.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

</dl>
{{% /choosable %}}








## GetIntVariable Result {#result}

The following output properties are available:




{{% choosable language csharp %}}
<dl class="resources-properties">

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Automation<wbr>Account<wbr>Name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/built-in-types">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Description</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/built-in-types">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}The description of the Automation Variable.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Encrypted</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/built-in-types">bool</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}Specifies if the Automation Variable is encrypted. Defaults to `false`.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Id</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/built-in-types">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}id is the provider-assigned unique ID for this managed resource.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/built-in-types">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Resource<wbr>Group<wbr>Name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/built-in-types">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Value</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/built-in-types">int</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}The value of the Automation Variable as a `integer`.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

</dl>
{{% /choosable %}}


{{% choosable language go %}}
<dl class="resources-properties">

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Automation<wbr>Account<wbr>Name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://golang.org/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Description</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://golang.org/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}The description of the Automation Variable.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Encrypted</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://golang.org/pkg/builtin/#boolean">bool</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}Specifies if the Automation Variable is encrypted. Defaults to `false`.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Id</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://golang.org/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}id is the provider-assigned unique ID for this managed resource.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://golang.org/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Resource<wbr>Group<wbr>Name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://golang.org/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Value</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://golang.org/pkg/builtin/#integer">int</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}The value of the Automation Variable as a `integer`.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

</dl>
{{% /choosable %}}


{{% choosable language nodejs %}}
<dl class="resources-properties">

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>automation<wbr>Account<wbr>Name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>description</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}The description of the Automation Variable.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>encrypted</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/boolean">boolean</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}Specifies if the Automation Variable is encrypted. Defaults to `false`.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>id</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}id is the provider-assigned unique ID for this managed resource.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>resource<wbr>Group<wbr>Name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>value</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/integer">number</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}The value of the Automation Variable as a `integer`.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

</dl>
{{% /choosable %}}


{{% choosable language python %}}
<dl class="resources-properties">

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>automation_<wbr>account_<wbr>name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html">str</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>description</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html">str</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}The description of the Automation Variable.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>encrypted</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html">bool</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}Specifies if the Automation Variable is encrypted. Defaults to `false`.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>id</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html">str</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}id is the provider-assigned unique ID for this managed resource.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html">str</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>resource_<wbr>group_<wbr>name</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html">str</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>value</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html">float</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}The value of the Automation Variable as a `integer`.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

</dl>
{{% /choosable %}}
