content/topics/kubernetes.md, before:

---
title: Kubernetes with Pulumi
layout: kubernetes
url: /kubernetes

meta_desc: Pulumi provides a cloud native programming model for Kubernetes deployments and orchestration. Any code, any cloud, any app.

hero:
    title: Kubernetes with Pulumi
    body: >
        Pulumi provides a cloud native programming model for Kubernetes
        deployments and orchestration: from on-premises to AWS EKS, Microsoft
        AKS, and Google GKE.


        Any code, any cloud, any language.
    code: |
        import * as kx from "@pulumi/kubernetesx";

        const pb = new kx.PodBuilder({
            containers: [{ 
                image: "nginx", 
                ports: { http: 80 } 
            }]
        });

        const deployment = new kx.Deployment("nginx", {
            spec: pb.asDeploymentSpec({ replicas: 3 })
        });

        const service = deployment.createService({
            type: kx.types.ServiceType.LoadBalancer
        });

        export const serviceIP = service.ip;

sections:
    - id: what-is-kubernetes
      label: What is Kubernetes?
    - id: kubernetes-everywhere
      label: Kubernetes Everywhere
    - id: code
      label: Code
    - id: get-started
      label: Get Started
    - id: contact
      label: Contact Us

examples:
    - title: Define Kubernetes apps
      body: >
          In this example, we use TypeScript to define a trivial app - an nginx image - and
          deploy 1 replica. Using a real language to define your app enables great IDE support &mdash;
          compile time checking for instance.
      code: |
          import * as k8s from "@pulumi/kubernetes";

          const appLabels = { app: "nginx" };

          const deployment = new k8s.apps.v1.Deployment("nginx", {
              spec: {
                  replicas: 1,
                  selector: { matchLabels: appLabels },
                  template: {
                      metadata: { labels: appLabels },
                      spec: {
                          containers: [{
                              name: "nginx", image: "nginx"
                          }]
                      }
                  }
              }
          });
      cta:
          url: /docs/get-started
          label: GET STARTED

    - title: Improve expressiveness, reduce boilerplate
      body: >
          Using real languages means being able to recognize patterns, and abstract them to reusable
          componenents.

          In this example we take a typical Deployment and Service pattern to create a ServiceDeployment
          class, simplifying the implementation of the canonical Guestbook app.
      code: |
          import * as k8sjs from "./k8sjs";

          let redisMaster = new k8sjs.ServiceDeployment("redis-master", {
              image: "k8s.gcr.io/redis:e2e",
              ports: [ 6379 ]
          });

          let redisSlave = new k8sjs.ServiceDeployment("redis-slave", {
              image: "gcr.io/google_samples/gb-redisslave:v1",
              ports: [ 6379 ]
          });

          let frontend = new k8sjs.ServiceDeployment("frontend", {
              replicas: 3,
              image: "gcr.io/google-samples/gb-frontend:v4",
              ports: [ 80 ],
              loadBalancer: true,
          });

          export let frontendIp = frontend.ipAddress;
      cta:
          url: /docs/get-started
          label: GET STARTED

    - title: Injecting sidecars using abstraction
      body: >
          Abstraction also allows us to do powerful work to simplify more complex configuration.
          An example of this is the sidecar microservices pattern where a container runs
          alongside other containers to add some functional value &mdash; logging, proxying etc.

          In this case we define a simple EnvoyDeployment class that adds an Envoy sidecar to our Kubernetes app.
      code: |
          export class EnvoyDeployment extends k8s.apps.v1.Deployment {
              constructor(name: string, args: k8stypes.apps.v1.Deployment, opts?: pulumi.CustomResourceOptions) {
                  const pod = args.spec.template.spec;

                  // Add an Envoy sidecar container.
                  pod.containers = pod.containers || [];
                  pod.containers.push({
                      name: "envoy",
                      // `lyft/envoy` does not tag releases. Use a SHA.
                      image: "lyft/envoy:4640fc028d65a6e2ee18858ebefcaeed24dffa81",
                      command: ["/usr/local/bin/envoy"],
                      args: [
                          "--concurrency 4",
                          "--config-path /etc/envoy/envoy.json",
                          "--mode serve"
                      ],
                      ports: [{ containerPort: 80, protocol: "TCP" }],
                      resources: {
                          limits: { cpu: "1000m", memory: "512Mi" },
                          requests: { cpu: "100m", memory: "64Mi" }
                      },
                      volumeMounts: [{
                          name: "envoy-conf", mountPath: "/etc/envoy"
                      }]
                  });

                  // Add a Volume for Envoy's config, as a ConfigMap.
                  pod.volumes = pod.volumes || [];
                  pod.volumes.push({
                      name: "envoy-conf", configMap: { name: "envoy" },
                  });

                  super(name, args, opts);
              }
          }
      cta:
          url: /docs/get-started
          label: GET STARTED

    - title: Use existing YAML and Helm Charts
      body: >
          Pulumi can also process YAML and Helm Charts, adding them to Pulumi programs which unlocks multi-cloud and advanced delivery scenarios.

          These examples use YAML and Helm to deploy the Kubernetes Guestbook app and Wordpress.
      code: |
          // Use YAML.
          import * as k8s from "@pulumi/kubernetes";

          const guestbook = new k8s.yaml.ConfigGroup(
              "guestbook", { files: "guestbook/*.yaml" });

          export const frontendIp =
              guestbook.getResource("v1/Service", "frontend").
              spec.apply(spec => spec.clusterIP);

          // Use Helm.
          import * as k8s from "@pulumi/kubernetes";

          const wordpress = new k8s.helm.v2.Chart("wordpress", {
              repo: "stable",
              version: "2.1.3",
              chart: "wordpress"
          });

          export const frontendIp = wordpress
              .getResource("v1/Service", "wpdev-wordpress")
              .status.apply(status => status.loadBalancer.ingress[0].ip);
      cta:
          url: /docs/get-started
          label: GET STARTED

    - title: Declare managed services alongside Kubernetes
      body: >
          Pulumi can be used to combine services. For instance, a Kubernetes cluster and an associated database (such as RDS).

          In this example, we provision and use an AWS S3 bucket from a Kubernetes service.
      code: |
          import * as k8s from "@pulumi/kubernetes";
          import * as aws from "@pulumi/aws";

          const appName = "nginx";

          // nginx config stored in an S3 bucket.
          const config = new aws.s3.Bucket(`${appName}-config`);

          // nginx container, replicated 1 time.
          const appLabels = { app: appName };
          const nginx = new k8s.apps.v1beta1.Deployment(appName, {
              spec: {
                  selector: { matchLabels: appLabels },
                  replicas: 1,
                  template: {
                      metadata: { labels: appLabels },
                      spec: {
                          initContainers: [
                              nginxConfigPuller(config.bucketDomainName)
                          ],
                          containers: [{
                              name: appName, image: "nginx:1.15-alpine"
                          }]
                      }
                  }
              }
          });
      cta:
          url: /docs/get-started
          label: GET STARTED

    - title: Provision Kubernetes clusters in any cloud
      body: >
          Kubernetes can be used in many environments &mdash; local dev, in the data center, self-hosted
          in the cloud, and as a managed cloud service. Pulumi supports all of those options.

          In this example, we show how to deploy a GKE cluster with configurable settings, which
          can then be used to deploy apps to.
      code: |
          import * as gcp from "@pulumi/gcp";
          import { nodeCount, nodeMachineType, password, username } from "./config";

          const engineVersion = gcp.container.getEngineVersions().then(v => v.latestMasterVersion);
          export const k8sCluster = new gcp.container.Cluster("gke-cluster", {
              initialNodeCount: nodeCount,
              minMasterVersion: engineVersion,
              nodeVersion: engineVersion,
              masterAuth: { username, password },
              nodeConfig: {
                  machineType: nodeMachineType,
                  oauthScopes: [
                      "https://www.googleapis.com/auth/compute",
                      "https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_only",
                      "https://www.googleapis.com/auth/logging.write",
                      "https://www.googleapis.com/auth/monitoring"
                  ],
              },
          });

      cta:
          url: /docs/get-started
          label: GET STARTED
---

Commit message:

Use new form styles across all hubspot contact us forms

content/topics/kubernetes.md, after:

---
title: Kubernetes with Pulumi
layout: kubernetes
url: /kubernetes

meta_desc: Pulumi provides a cloud native programming model for Kubernetes deployments and orchestration. Any code, any cloud, any app.

hero:
    title: Kubernetes with Pulumi
    body: >
        Pulumi provides a cloud native programming model for Kubernetes
        deployments and orchestration: from on-premises to AWS EKS, Microsoft
        AKS, and Google GKE.


        Any code, any cloud, any language.
    code: |
        import * as kx from "@pulumi/kubernetesx";

        const pb = new kx.PodBuilder({
            containers: [{
                image: "nginx",
                ports: { http: 80 }
            }]
        });

        const deployment = new kx.Deployment("nginx", {
            spec: pb.asDeploymentSpec({ replicas: 3 })
        });

        const service = deployment.createService({
            type: kx.types.ServiceType.LoadBalancer
        });

        export const serviceIP = service.ip;

sections:
    - id: what-is-kubernetes
      label: What is Kubernetes?
    - id: kubernetes-everywhere
      label: Kubernetes Everywhere
    - id: code
      label: Code
    - id: get-started
      label: Get Started
    - id: contact
      label: Contact Us

examples:
    - title: Define Kubernetes apps
      body: >
          In this example, we use TypeScript to define a trivial app - an nginx image - and
          deploy 1 replica. Using a real language to define your app enables great IDE support &mdash;
          compile time checking for instance.
      code: |
          import * as k8s from "@pulumi/kubernetes";

          const appLabels = { app: "nginx" };

          const deployment = new k8s.apps.v1.Deployment("nginx", {
              spec: {
                  replicas: 1,
                  selector: { matchLabels: appLabels },
                  template: {
                      metadata: { labels: appLabels },
                      spec: {
                          containers: [{
                              name: "nginx", image: "nginx"
                          }]
                      }
                  }
              }
          });
      cta:
          url: /docs/get-started
          label: GET STARTED

    - title: Improve expressiveness, reduce boilerplate
      body: >
          Using real languages means being able to recognize patterns, and abstract them to reusable
          componenents.

          In this example we take a typical Deployment and Service pattern to create a ServiceDeployment
          class, simplifying the implementation of the canonical Guestbook app.
      code: |
          import * as k8sjs from "./k8sjs";

          let redisMaster = new k8sjs.ServiceDeployment("redis-master", {
              image: "k8s.gcr.io/redis:e2e",
              ports: [ 6379 ]
          });

          let redisSlave = new k8sjs.ServiceDeployment("redis-slave", {
              image: "gcr.io/google_samples/gb-redisslave:v1",
              ports: [ 6379 ]
          });

          let frontend = new k8sjs.ServiceDeployment("frontend", {
              replicas: 3,
              image: "gcr.io/google-samples/gb-frontend:v4",
              ports: [ 80 ],
              loadBalancer: true,
          });

          export let frontendIp = frontend.ipAddress;
      cta:
          url: /docs/get-started
          label: GET STARTED

    - title: Injecting sidecars using abstraction
      body: >
          Abstraction also allows us to do powerful work to simplify more complex configuration.
          An example of this is the sidecar microservices pattern where a container runs
          alongside other containers to add some functional value &mdash; logging, proxying etc.

          In this case we define a simple EnvoyDeployment class that adds an Envoy sidecar to our Kubernetes app.
      code: |
          export class EnvoyDeployment extends k8s.apps.v1.Deployment {
              constructor(name: string, args: k8stypes.apps.v1.Deployment, opts?: pulumi.CustomResourceOptions) {
                  const pod = args.spec.template.spec;

                  // Add an Envoy sidecar container.
                  pod.containers = pod.containers || [];
                  pod.containers.push({
                      name: "envoy",
                      // `lyft/envoy` does not tag releases. Use a SHA.
                      image: "lyft/envoy:4640fc028d65a6e2ee18858ebefcaeed24dffa81",
                      command: ["/usr/local/bin/envoy"],
                      args: [
                          "--concurrency 4",
                          "--config-path /etc/envoy/envoy.json",
                          "--mode serve"
                      ],
                      ports: [{ containerPort: 80, protocol: "TCP" }],
                      resources: {
                          limits: { cpu: "1000m", memory: "512Mi" },
                          requests: { cpu: "100m", memory: "64Mi" }
                      },
                      volumeMounts: [{
                          name: "envoy-conf", mountPath: "/etc/envoy"
                      }]
                  });

                  // Add a Volume for Envoy's config, as a ConfigMap.
                  pod.volumes = pod.volumes || [];
                  pod.volumes.push({
                      name: "envoy-conf", configMap: { name: "envoy" },
                  });

                  super(name, args, opts);
              }
          }
      cta:
          url: /docs/get-started
          label: GET STARTED

    - title: Use existing YAML and Helm Charts
      body: >
          Pulumi can also process YAML and Helm Charts, adding them to Pulumi programs which unlocks multi-cloud and advanced delivery scenarios.

          These examples use YAML and Helm to deploy the Kubernetes Guestbook app and Wordpress.
      code: |
          // Use YAML.
          import * as k8s from "@pulumi/kubernetes";

          const guestbook = new k8s.yaml.ConfigGroup(
              "guestbook", { files: "guestbook/*.yaml" });

          export const frontendIp =
              guestbook.getResource("v1/Service", "frontend").
              spec.apply(spec => spec.clusterIP);

          // Use Helm.
          import * as k8s from "@pulumi/kubernetes";

          const wordpress = new k8s.helm.v2.Chart("wordpress", {
              repo: "stable",
              version: "2.1.3",
              chart: "wordpress"
          });

          export const frontendIp = wordpress
              .getResource("v1/Service", "wpdev-wordpress")
              .status.apply(status => status.loadBalancer.ingress[0].ip);
      cta:
          url: /docs/get-started
          label: GET STARTED

    - title: Declare managed services alongside Kubernetes
      body: >
          Pulumi can be used to combine services. For instance, a Kubernetes cluster and an associated database (such as RDS).

          In this example, we provision and use an AWS S3 bucket from a Kubernetes service.
      code: |
          import * as k8s from "@pulumi/kubernetes";
          import * as aws from "@pulumi/aws";

          const appName = "nginx";

          // nginx config stored in an S3 bucket.
          const config = new aws.s3.Bucket(`${appName}-config`);

          // nginx container, replicated 1 time.
          const appLabels = { app: appName };
          const nginx = new k8s.apps.v1beta1.Deployment(appName, {
              spec: {
                  selector: { matchLabels: appLabels },
                  replicas: 1,
                  template: {
                      metadata: { labels: appLabels },
                      spec: {
                          initContainers: [
                              nginxConfigPuller(config.bucketDomainName)
                          ],
                          containers: [{
                              name: appName, image: "nginx:1.15-alpine"
                          }]
                      }
                  }
              }
          });
      cta:
          url: /docs/get-started
          label: GET STARTED

    - title: Provision Kubernetes clusters in any cloud
      body: >
          Kubernetes can be used in many environments &mdash; local dev, in the data center, self-hosted
          in the cloud, and as a managed cloud service. Pulumi supports all of those options.

          In this example, we show how to deploy a GKE cluster with configurable settings, which
          can then be used to deploy apps to.
      code: |
          import * as gcp from "@pulumi/gcp";
          import { nodeCount, nodeMachineType, password, username } from "./config";

          const engineVersion = gcp.container.getEngineVersions().then(v => v.latestMasterVersion);
          export const k8sCluster = new gcp.container.Cluster("gke-cluster", {
              initialNodeCount: nodeCount,
              minMasterVersion: engineVersion,
              nodeVersion: engineVersion,
              masterAuth: { username, password },
              nodeConfig: {
                  machineType: nodeMachineType,
                  oauthScopes: [
                      "https://www.googleapis.com/auth/compute",
                      "https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_only",
                      "https://www.googleapis.com/auth/logging.write",
                      "https://www.googleapis.com/auth/monitoring"
                  ],
              },
          });

      cta:
          url: /docs/get-started
          label: GET STARTED

contact_us_form:
    section_id: contact
    hubspot_form_id: 212ce93d-e081-4998-b14b-f26a974da4fb
    headline: Need help with Kubernetes?
    quote:
        title: Lean how top engineering teams are using Pulumi to manage and provision Kubernetes clusters in any cloud.
        name: Harrison Heck
        name_title: Head of DevOps, Linio
        content: |
            As the largest eCommerce platform in Latin America, our infrastructure has to be highly stable, well
            documented and agile. With Pulumi, we're able to develop new infrastructure, change existing infrastructure
            and more with greater speed and reliability than we've ever had before.
---
