---
title: Mercedes-Benz Research and Development
type: page
layout: case-study

meta_desc: |
    Learn more about how Mercedes-Benz Research and Development used Pulumi to bring their
    application and infrastructure teams closer together.

exec_summary: |
    We need one.

sections:
    - label: Exec Summary
      anchor: executive-summary
    - label: Challenges
      anchor: innovating-in-the-era-of-the-connected-car
    - label: Results
      anchor: developers-in-the-driver-s-seat-programming-the-cloud-with-pulumi
    - label: Conclusion
      anchor: the-road-ahead
---

Embedded in a worldwide network, Mercedes-Benz Research & Development North America
(MBRDNA) continuously strives to remain at the forefront of successful automotive research
and development. MBRDNA is headquartered in Silicon Valley, California, with key areas of
Autonomous Driving, Advanced Interaction Design, Digital User Experience, Machine
Learning, Customer Research, and Open Innovation. In Redford, Michigan, the focus is on
Powertrain and eDrive technology as well as in Long Beach, where the teams test durability
of the latest driver assistant and telematic systems. The Digital Hub in Seattle focuses
on developing a cloud architecture and building out the cloud platform for the next
generation of connected car services. The Testing and Regulatory Affairs Division in Ann
Arbor and the Advanced Vehicle Design in Carlsbad complete the competence center.

## Innovating in the Era of the Connected Car

Scaling operations to this level requires ongoing creativity and agility, with every
product and process subject to modification at any time, and efficiency and ongoing
excellence top of mind for everyone in the organization. So it was in November of 2017
when the company announced the launch of a new Digital Hub in Seattle with a focus on
harnessing cloud computing to expand and enhance connected car functionality.

"Our core focus is cloud architecture and building out the cloud platform for the next
generation of connected car services," said Dinesh Ramamurthy, Engineering Manager,
MBRDNA. "We also have application development teams responsible for connected car-related
microservices. We have hundreds of these different microservices that are based
on-premises, and we are in the process of migrating them to the cloud."

Ramamurthy manages a cross-functional team that is responsible for both application and
infrastructure architecture. He also works closely with the open innovations team in
Sunnyvale. As a result, he wears a lot of hats, and has a lot of people and processes he
is striving to optimize. He is constantly on the lookout for new solutions to the
multitude of challenges that present themselves in all-cloud environments.

## Developers in the Driver’s Seat: Programming the Cloud with Pulumi

"When I read about Pulumi coming out of stealth mode, and saw what they were doing, I
realized that the way they were trying to solve the multi-cloud problem was exactly what I
was looking for," said Ramamurthy. "I needed a solution that cuts across silos and gave
our developers a tool they could use themselves to provision infrastructure to suit their
own immediate needs."

"We want to foster a, 'you build it, you own it' culture that empowers our teams to think
and act for themselves and optimizes efficiency as a result," said Ramamurthy. "Pulumi
helps application development teams to build cloud-based infrastructure using a language
of their choice and allows infrastructure engineering teams to build scalable reusable
modules that can be leveraged by other teams."

Ramamurthy and his team worked closely with Pulumi to develop a proof-of-concept for
building a reusable cloud infrastructure blueprint with Pulumi code.

"What really stands out in Pulumi is the ability to apply program language constructs and
best practices to your cloud infrastructure code," he said. "I like the type safety we
achieved by using TypeScript for our Pulumi implementation. So far, it’s proving to be
much easier to develop and I like the ability for different teams to collaborate on
infrastructure code."

## The Road Ahead

MBRDNA Seattle sees a number of critical uses for Pulumi moving forward.

"Our team really enjoys working with the Pulumi team and working on the actual Pulumi
product. We like how Pulumi handles infrastructure state. In addition, the Pulumi portal
gives us a really nice overview of all the different infrastructure stacks that are
deployed in the organization."
