content/docs/reference/pkg/packet/getipblockranges.md, before:


---
title: "GetIpBlockRanges"
block_external_search_index: true
---



Use this datasource to get CIDR expressions for allocated IP blocks of all the types in a project, optionally filtered by facility.

There are four types of IP blocks in Packet: global IPv4, public IPv4, private IPv4 and IPv6. Both global and public IPv4 are routable from the Internet. Public IPv4 block is allocated in a facility, and addresses from it can only be assigned to devices in that facility. Addresses from Global IPv4 block can be assigned to a device in any facility.

The datasource has 4 list attributes: `global_ipv4`, `public_ipv4`, `private_ipv4` and `ipv6`, each listing CIDR notation (`<network>/<mask>`) of respective blocks from the project.

{{% examples %}}
{{% /examples %}}





## Using GetIpBlockRanges

{{< chooser language "javascript,typescript,python,go,csharp" / >}}


{{% choosable language typescript %}}
<div class="highlight"><pre class="chroma"><code class="language-typescript" data-lang="typescript"><span class="k">function </span>getIpBlockRanges<span class="p">(</span><span class="nx">args</span>: <span class="nx"><a href="/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/packet/#GetIpBlockRangesArgs">GetIpBlockRangesArgs</a></span><span class="p">, </span><span class="nx">opts</span>?: <span class="nx"><a href="/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#InvokeOptions">InvokeOptions</a></span><span class="p">): Promise&lt;<span class="nx"><a href="/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/packet/#GetIpBlockRangesResult">GetIpBlockRangesResult</a></span>></span></code></pre></div>
{{% /choosable %}}


{{% choosable language python %}}
<div class="highlight"><pre class="chroma"><code class="language-python" data-lang="python"><span class="k">function </span> get_ip_block_ranges(</span>facility=None<span class="p">, </span>project_id=None<span class="p">, </span>opts=None<span class="p">)</span></code></pre></div>
{{% /choosable %}}


{{% choosable language go %}}
<div class="highlight"><pre class="chroma"><code class="language-go" data-lang="go"><span class="k">func </span>LookupIpBlockRanges<span class="p">(</span><span class="nx">ctx</span> *<span class="nx"><a href="https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pulumi/pulumi/sdk/v2/go/pulumi?tab=doc#Context">pulumi.Context</a></span><span class="p">, </span><span class="nx">args</span> <span class="nx"><a href="https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pulumi/pulumi-packet/sdk/v2/go/packet/?tab=doc#GetIpBlockRangesArgs">GetIpBlockRangesArgs</a></span><span class="p">, </span><span class="nx">opts</span> ...<span class="nx"><a href="https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pulumi/pulumi/sdk/v2/go/pulumi?tab=doc#InvokeOption">pulumi.InvokeOption</a></span><span class="p">) (*<span class="nx"><a href="https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pulumi/pulumi-packet/sdk/v2/go/packet/?tab=doc#LookupIpBlockRangesResult">LookupIpBlockRangesResult</a></span>, error)</span></code></pre></div>
{{% /choosable %}}


{{% choosable language csharp %}}
<div class="highlight"><pre class="chroma"><code class="language-csharp" data-lang="csharp"><span class="k">public static class </span><span class="nx">GetIpBlockRanges </span><span class="p">{</span><span class="k">
    public static </span>Task&lt;<span class="nx"><a href="/docs/reference/pkg/dotnet/Pulumi.Packet/Pulumi.Packet.GetIpBlockRangesResult.html">GetIpBlockRangesResult</a></span>> <span class="p">InvokeAsync(</span><span class="nx"><a href="/docs/reference/pkg/dotnet/Pulumi.Packet/Pulumi.Packet.GetIpBlockRangesArgs.html">GetIpBlockRangesArgs</a></span> <span class="nx">args<span class="p">, </span><span class="nx"><a href="/docs/reference/pkg/dotnet/Pulumi/Pulumi.InvokeOptions.html">InvokeOptions</a></span>? <span class="nx">opts = null<span class="p">)</span><span class="p">
}</span></code></pre></div>
{{% /choosable %}}



The following arguments are supported:



{{% choosable language csharp %}}
<dl class="resources-properties">

    <dt class="property-required"
            title="Required">
        <span>Project<wbr>Id</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/built-in-types">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}ID of the project from which to list the blocks. 
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-optional"
            title="Optional">
        <span>Facility</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/built-in-types">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}Facility code filtering the IP blocks. Global IPv4 blcoks will be listed anyway. If you omit this, all the block from the project will be listed.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

</dl>
{{% /choosable %}}


{{% choosable language go %}}
<dl class="resources-properties">

    <dt class="property-required"
            title="Required">
        <span>Project<wbr>Id</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://golang.org/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}ID of the project from which to list the blocks. 
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-optional"
            title="Optional">
        <span>Facility</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://golang.org/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}Facility code filtering the IP blocks. Global IPv4 blcoks will be listed anyway. If you omit this, all the block from the project will be listed.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

</dl>
{{% /choosable %}}


{{% choosable language nodejs %}}
<dl class="resources-properties">

    <dt class="property-required"
            title="Required">
        <span>project<wbr>Id</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}ID of the project from which to list the blocks. 
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-optional"
            title="Optional">
        <span>facility</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}Facility code filtering the IP blocks. Global IPv4 blcoks will be listed anyway. If you omit this, all the block from the project will be listed.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

</dl>
{{% /choosable %}}


{{% choosable language python %}}
<dl class="resources-properties">

    <dt class="property-required"
            title="Required">
        <span>project_<wbr>id</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html">str</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}ID of the project from which to list the blocks. 
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-optional"
            title="Optional">
        <span>facility</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html">str</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}Facility code filtering the IP blocks. Global IPv4 blcoks will be listed anyway. If you omit this, all the block from the project will be listed.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

</dl>
{{% /choosable %}}








## GetIpBlockRanges Result

The following output properties are available:




{{% choosable language csharp %}}
<dl class="resources-properties">

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Global<wbr>Ipv4s</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/built-in-types">List&lt;string&gt;</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}list of CIDR expressions for Global IPv4 blocks in the project
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Id</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/built-in-types">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}id is the provider-assigned unique ID for this managed resource.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Ipv6s</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/built-in-types">List&lt;string&gt;</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}list of CIDR expressions for IPv6 blocks in the project
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Private<wbr>Ipv4s</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/built-in-types">List&lt;string&gt;</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}list of CIDR expressions for Private IPv4 blocks in the project
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Project<wbr>Id</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/built-in-types">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Public<wbr>Ipv4s</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/built-in-types">List&lt;string&gt;</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}list of CIDR expressions for Public IPv4 blocks in the project
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Facility</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/built-in-types">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}{{% /md %}}</dd>

</dl>
{{% /choosable %}}


{{% choosable language go %}}
<dl class="resources-properties">

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Global<wbr>Ipv4s</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://golang.org/pkg/builtin/#string">[]string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}list of CIDR expressions for Global IPv4 blocks in the project
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Id</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://golang.org/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}id is the provider-assigned unique ID for this managed resource.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Ipv6s</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://golang.org/pkg/builtin/#string">[]string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}list of CIDR expressions for IPv6 blocks in the project
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Private<wbr>Ipv4s</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://golang.org/pkg/builtin/#string">[]string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}list of CIDR expressions for Private IPv4 blocks in the project
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Project<wbr>Id</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://golang.org/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Public<wbr>Ipv4s</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://golang.org/pkg/builtin/#string">[]string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}list of CIDR expressions for Public IPv4 blocks in the project
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Facility</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://golang.org/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}{{% /md %}}</dd>

</dl>
{{% /choosable %}}


{{% choosable language nodejs %}}
<dl class="resources-properties">

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>global<wbr>Ipv4s</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/string">string[]</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}list of CIDR expressions for Global IPv4 blocks in the project
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>id</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}id is the provider-assigned unique ID for this managed resource.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>ipv6s</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/string">string[]</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}list of CIDR expressions for IPv6 blocks in the project
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>private<wbr>Ipv4s</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/string">string[]</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}list of CIDR expressions for Private IPv4 blocks in the project
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>project<wbr>Id</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>public<wbr>Ipv4s</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/string">string[]</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}list of CIDR expressions for Public IPv4 blocks in the project
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>facility</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}{{% /md %}}</dd>

</dl>
{{% /choosable %}}


{{% choosable language python %}}
<dl class="resources-properties">

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>global_<wbr>ipv4s</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html">List[str]</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}list of CIDR expressions for Global IPv4 blocks in the project
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>id</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html">str</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}id is the provider-assigned unique ID for this managed resource.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>ipv6s</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html">List[str]</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}list of CIDR expressions for IPv6 blocks in the project
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>private_<wbr>ipv4s</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html">List[str]</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}list of CIDR expressions for Private IPv4 blocks in the project
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>project_<wbr>id</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html">str</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>public_<wbr>ipv4s</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html">List[str]</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}list of CIDR expressions for Public IPv4 blocks in the project
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>facility</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html">str</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}{{% /md %}}</dd>

</dl>
{{% /choosable %}}

Commit message:

Regenerate all resource docs (#3044)
* Make committing to git optional in gen_all_resource_docs.sh.

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-alicloud

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-aws

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-azure

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-azuread

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-cloudamqp

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-cloudflare

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-consul

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-digitalocean

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-dnsimple

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-docker

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-fastly

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-f5bigip

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-gcp

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-gitlab

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-kafka

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-kubernetes

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-keycloak

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-linode

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-mysql

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-newrelic

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-okta

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-openstack

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-packet

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-postgresql

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-rabbitmq

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-rancher2

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-random

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-signalfx

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-spotinst

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-vsphere

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-tls

* Generate resource docs for pulumi-vault

content/docs/reference/pkg/packet/getipblockranges.md, after:


---
title: "GetIpBlockRanges"
title_tag: "Function GetIpBlockRanges | Package Packet"
meta_desc: "Explore the GetIpBlockRanges function of the Packet package, including examples, input properties, output properties, and supporting types. Use this datasource to get CIDR expressions for allocated IP blocks of all the types in a project, optionally filtered by facility."
---



<!-- WARNING: this file was generated by Pulumi Docs Generator. -->
<!-- Do not edit by hand unless you're certain you know what you are doing! -->

Use this datasource to get CIDR expressions for allocated IP blocks of all the types in a project, optionally filtered by facility.

There are four types of IP blocks in Packet: global IPv4, public IPv4, private IPv4 and IPv6. Both global and public IPv4 are routable from the Internet. Public IPv4 block is allocated in a facility, and addresses from it can only be assigned to devices in that facility. Addresses from Global IPv4 block can be assigned to a device in any facility.

The datasource has 4 list attributes: `global_ipv4`, `public_ipv4`, `private_ipv4` and `ipv6`, each listing CIDR notation (`<network>/<mask>`) of respective blocks from the project.

{{% examples %}}
{{% /examples %}}



## Using GetIpBlockRanges {#using}

{{< chooser language "javascript,typescript,python,go,csharp" / >}}


{{% choosable language typescript %}}
<div class="highlight"><pre class="chroma"><code class="language-typescript" data-lang="typescript"><span class="k">function </span>getIpBlockRanges<span class="p">(</span><span class="nx">args</span>: <span class="nx"><a href="/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/packet/#GetIpBlockRangesArgs">GetIpBlockRangesArgs</a></span><span class="p">, </span><span class="nx">opts</span>?: <span class="nx"><a href="/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#InvokeOptions">InvokeOptions</a></span><span class="p">): Promise&lt;<span class="nx"><a href="/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/packet/#GetIpBlockRangesResult">GetIpBlockRangesResult</a></span>></span></code></pre></div>
{{% /choosable %}}


{{% choosable language python %}}
<div class="highlight"><pre class="chroma"><code class="language-python" data-lang="python"><span class="k">function </span> get_ip_block_ranges(</span>facility=None<span class="p">, </span>project_id=None<span class="p">, </span>opts=None<span class="p">)</span></code></pre></div>
{{% /choosable %}}


{{% choosable language go %}}
<div class="highlight"><pre class="chroma"><code class="language-go" data-lang="go"><span class="k">func </span>LookupIpBlockRanges<span class="p">(</span><span class="nx">ctx</span> *<span class="nx"><a href="https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pulumi/pulumi/sdk/v2/go/pulumi?tab=doc#Context">pulumi.Context</a></span><span class="p">, </span><span class="nx">args</span> <span class="nx"><a href="https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pulumi/pulumi-packet/sdk/v2/go/packet/?tab=doc#GetIpBlockRangesArgs">GetIpBlockRangesArgs</a></span><span class="p">, </span><span class="nx">opts</span> ...<span class="nx"><a href="https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pulumi/pulumi/sdk/v2/go/pulumi?tab=doc#InvokeOption">pulumi.InvokeOption</a></span><span class="p">) (*<span class="nx"><a href="https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pulumi/pulumi-packet/sdk/v2/go/packet/?tab=doc#LookupIpBlockRangesResult">LookupIpBlockRangesResult</a></span>, error)</span></code></pre></div>
{{% /choosable %}}


{{% choosable language csharp %}}
<div class="highlight"><pre class="chroma"><code class="language-csharp" data-lang="csharp"><span class="k">public static class </span><span class="nx">GetIpBlockRanges </span><span class="p">{</span><span class="k">
    public static </span>Task&lt;<span class="nx"><a href="/docs/reference/pkg/dotnet/Pulumi.Packet/Pulumi.Packet.GetIpBlockRangesResult.html">GetIpBlockRangesResult</a></span>> <span class="p">InvokeAsync(</span><span class="nx"><a href="/docs/reference/pkg/dotnet/Pulumi.Packet/Pulumi.Packet.GetIpBlockRangesArgs.html">GetIpBlockRangesArgs</a></span> <span class="nx">args<span class="p">, </span><span class="nx"><a href="/docs/reference/pkg/dotnet/Pulumi/Pulumi.InvokeOptions.html">InvokeOptions</a></span>? <span class="nx">opts = null<span class="p">)</span><span class="p">
}</span></code></pre></div>
{{% /choosable %}}



The following arguments are supported:



{{% choosable language csharp %}}
<dl class="resources-properties">

    <dt class="property-required"
            title="Required">
        <span>Project<wbr>Id</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/built-in-types">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}ID of the project from which to list the blocks. 
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-optional"
            title="Optional">
        <span>Facility</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/built-in-types">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}Facility code filtering the IP blocks. Global IPv4 blcoks will be listed anyway. If you omit this, all the block from the project will be listed.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

</dl>
{{% /choosable %}}


{{% choosable language go %}}
<dl class="resources-properties">

    <dt class="property-required"
            title="Required">
        <span>Project<wbr>Id</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://golang.org/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}ID of the project from which to list the blocks. 
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-optional"
            title="Optional">
        <span>Facility</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://golang.org/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}Facility code filtering the IP blocks. Global IPv4 blcoks will be listed anyway. If you omit this, all the block from the project will be listed.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

</dl>
{{% /choosable %}}


{{% choosable language nodejs %}}
<dl class="resources-properties">

    <dt class="property-required"
            title="Required">
        <span>project<wbr>Id</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}ID of the project from which to list the blocks. 
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-optional"
            title="Optional">
        <span>facility</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}Facility code filtering the IP blocks. Global IPv4 blcoks will be listed anyway. If you omit this, all the block from the project will be listed.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

</dl>
{{% /choosable %}}


{{% choosable language python %}}
<dl class="resources-properties">

    <dt class="property-required"
            title="Required">
        <span>project_<wbr>id</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html">str</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}ID of the project from which to list the blocks. 
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-optional"
            title="Optional">
        <span>facility</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html">str</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}Facility code filtering the IP blocks. Global IPv4 blcoks will be listed anyway. If you omit this, all the block from the project will be listed.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

</dl>
{{% /choosable %}}








## GetIpBlockRanges Result {#result}

The following output properties are available:




{{% choosable language csharp %}}
<dl class="resources-properties">

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Global<wbr>Ipv4s</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/built-in-types">List&lt;string&gt;</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}list of CIDR expressions for Global IPv4 blocks in the project
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Id</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/built-in-types">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}id is the provider-assigned unique ID for this managed resource.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Ipv6s</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/built-in-types">List&lt;string&gt;</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}list of CIDR expressions for IPv6 blocks in the project
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Private<wbr>Ipv4s</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/built-in-types">List&lt;string&gt;</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}list of CIDR expressions for Private IPv4 blocks in the project
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Project<wbr>Id</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/built-in-types">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Public<wbr>Ipv4s</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/built-in-types">List&lt;string&gt;</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}list of CIDR expressions for Public IPv4 blocks in the project
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Facility</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/built-in-types">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}{{% /md %}}</dd>

</dl>
{{% /choosable %}}


{{% choosable language go %}}
<dl class="resources-properties">

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Global<wbr>Ipv4s</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://golang.org/pkg/builtin/#string">[]string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}list of CIDR expressions for Global IPv4 blocks in the project
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Id</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://golang.org/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}id is the provider-assigned unique ID for this managed resource.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Ipv6s</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://golang.org/pkg/builtin/#string">[]string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}list of CIDR expressions for IPv6 blocks in the project
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Private<wbr>Ipv4s</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://golang.org/pkg/builtin/#string">[]string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}list of CIDR expressions for Private IPv4 blocks in the project
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Project<wbr>Id</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://golang.org/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Public<wbr>Ipv4s</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://golang.org/pkg/builtin/#string">[]string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}list of CIDR expressions for Public IPv4 blocks in the project
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>Facility</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://golang.org/pkg/builtin/#string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}{{% /md %}}</dd>

</dl>
{{% /choosable %}}


{{% choosable language nodejs %}}
<dl class="resources-properties">

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>global<wbr>Ipv4s</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/string">string[]</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}list of CIDR expressions for Global IPv4 blocks in the project
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>id</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}id is the provider-assigned unique ID for this managed resource.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>ipv6s</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/string">string[]</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}list of CIDR expressions for IPv6 blocks in the project
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>private<wbr>Ipv4s</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/string">string[]</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}list of CIDR expressions for Private IPv4 blocks in the project
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>project<wbr>Id</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>public<wbr>Ipv4s</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/string">string[]</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}list of CIDR expressions for Public IPv4 blocks in the project
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>facility</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/string">string</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}{{% /md %}}</dd>

</dl>
{{% /choosable %}}


{{% choosable language python %}}
<dl class="resources-properties">

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>global_<wbr>ipv4s</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html">List[str]</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}list of CIDR expressions for Global IPv4 blocks in the project
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>id</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html">str</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}id is the provider-assigned unique ID for this managed resource.
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>ipv6s</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html">List[str]</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}list of CIDR expressions for IPv6 blocks in the project
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>private_<wbr>ipv4s</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html">List[str]</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}list of CIDR expressions for Private IPv4 blocks in the project
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>project_<wbr>id</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html">str</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>public_<wbr>ipv4s</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html">List[str]</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}list of CIDR expressions for Public IPv4 blocks in the project
{{% /md %}}</dd>

    <dt class="property-"
            title="">
        <span>facility</span>
        <span class="property-indicator"></span>
        <span class="property-type"><a href="https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html">str</a></span>
    </dt>
    <dd>{{% md %}}{{% /md %}}</dd>

</dl>
{{% /choosable %}}
