---
title: Module ec2/metrics
---

<!-- WARNING: this page was generated by a tool. Do not edit it by hand. -->
<!-- To change it, please see https://github.com/pulumi/docs/tree/master/tools/tscdocgen. -->

<a href="../../">@pulumi/awsx</a> &gt; <a href="../">ec2</a> &gt; metrics

<div class="toggleVisible">
<div class="collapsed">
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header toggleButton" title="Click to show Index">Index ▹</h2>
</div>
<div class="expanded">
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header toggleButton" title="Click to hide Index">Index ▾</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents">
<ul>
<li><a href="#cpuCreditBalance">function cpuCreditBalance</a></li>
<li><a href="#cpuCreditUsage">function cpuCreditUsage</a></li>
<li><a href="#cpuSurplusCreditBalance">function cpuSurplusCreditBalance</a></li>
<li><a href="#cpuSurplusCreditsCharged">function cpuSurplusCreditsCharged</a></li>
<li><a href="#cpuUtilization">function cpuUtilization</a></li>
<li><a href="#diskReadBytes">function diskReadBytes</a></li>
<li><a href="#diskReadOps">function diskReadOps</a></li>
<li><a href="#diskWriteBytes">function diskWriteBytes</a></li>
<li><a href="#diskWriteOps">function diskWriteOps</a></li>
<li><a href="#ebsByteBalance">function ebsByteBalance</a></li>
<li><a href="#ebsIOBalance">function ebsIOBalance</a></li>
<li><a href="#ebsReadBytes">function ebsReadBytes</a></li>
<li><a href="#ebsReadOps">function ebsReadOps</a></li>
<li><a href="#ebsWriteBytes">function ebsWriteBytes</a></li>
<li><a href="#ebsWriteOps">function ebsWriteOps</a></li>
<li><a href="#metric">function metric</a></li>
<li><a href="#networkIn">function networkIn</a></li>
<li><a href="#networkOut">function networkOut</a></li>
<li><a href="#networkPacketsIn">function networkPacketsIn</a></li>
<li><a href="#networkPacketsOut">function networkPacketsOut</a></li>
<li><a href="#statusCheckFailed">function statusCheckFailed</a></li>
<li><a href="#statusCheckFailed_Instance">function statusCheckFailed_Instance</a></li>
<li><a href="#statusCheckFailed_System">function statusCheckFailed_System</a></li>
<li><a href="#Ec2MetricChange">interface Ec2MetricChange</a></li>
<li><a href="#Ec2MetricName">type Ec2MetricName</a></li>
</ul>

<a href="{{< pkg-url pkg="awsx" path="ec2/metrics.ts" >}}">ec2/metrics.ts</a> 
</div>
</div>
</div>


<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="cpuCreditBalance">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="{{< pkg-url pkg="awsx" path="ec2/metrics.ts#L136" >}}">function <b>cpuCreditBalance</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents">
{{% md %}}

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>cpuCreditBalance(change?: <a href='#Ec2MetricChange'>Ec2MetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


The number of earned CPU credits that an instance has accrued since it was launched or started.
For T2 Standard, the CPUCreditBalance also includes the number of launch credits that have been
accrued.

Credits are accrued in the credit balance after they are earned, and removed from the credit
balance when they are spent. The credit balance has a maximum limit, determined by the instance
size. After the limit is reached, any new credits that are earned are discarded. For T2 Standard,
launch credits do not count towards the limit.

The credits in the CPUCreditBalance are available for the instance to spend to burst beyond its
baseline CPU utilization.

When an instance is running, credits in the CPUCreditBalance do not expire. When a T3 instance
stops, the CPUCreditBalance value persists for seven days. Thereafter, all accrued credits are
lost. When a T2 instance stops, the CPUCreditBalance value does not persist, and all accrued
credits are lost.

CPU credit metrics are available at a five-minute frequency only.

{{% /md %}}
</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="cpuCreditUsage">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="{{< pkg-url pkg="awsx" path="ec2/metrics.ts#L112" >}}">function <b>cpuCreditUsage</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents">
{{% md %}}

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>cpuCreditUsage(change?: <a href='#Ec2MetricChange'>Ec2MetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


The number of CPU credits spent by the instance for CPU utilization. One CPU credit equals one
vCPU running at 100% utilization for one minute or an equivalent combination of vCPUs,
utilization, and time (for example, one vCPU running at 50% utilization for two minutes or two
vCPUs running at 25% utilization for two minutes).

CPU credit metrics are available at a five-minute frequency only. If you specify a period greater
than five minutes, use the Sum statistic instead of the Average statistic.

{{% /md %}}
</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="cpuSurplusCreditBalance">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="{{< pkg-url pkg="awsx" path="ec2/metrics.ts#L148" >}}">function <b>cpuSurplusCreditBalance</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents">
{{% md %}}

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>cpuSurplusCreditBalance(change?: <a href='#Ec2MetricChange'>Ec2MetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


The number of surplus credits that have been spent by an unlimited instance when its
CPUCreditBalance value is zero.

The CPUSurplusCreditBalance value is paid down by earned CPU credits. If the number of surplus
credits exceeds the maximum number of credits that the instance can earn in a 24-hour period, the
spent surplus credits above the maximum incur an additional charge.

{{% /md %}}
</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="cpuSurplusCreditsCharged">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="{{< pkg-url pkg="awsx" path="ec2/metrics.ts#L163" >}}">function <b>cpuSurplusCreditsCharged</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents">
{{% md %}}

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>cpuSurplusCreditsCharged(change?: <a href='#Ec2MetricChange'>Ec2MetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


The number of spent surplus credits that are not paid down by earned CPU credits, and which thus
incur an additional charge.

Spent surplus credits are charged when any of the following occurs:

 * The spent surplus credits exceed the maximum number of credits that the instance can earn in a
   24-hour period. Spent surplus credits above the maximum are charged at the end of the hour.
 * The instance is stopped or terminated.
 * The instance is switched from unlimited to standard.

{{% /md %}}
</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="cpuUtilization">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="{{< pkg-url pkg="awsx" path="ec2/metrics.ts#L177" >}}">function <b>cpuUtilization</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents">
{{% md %}}

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>cpuUtilization(change?: <a href='#Ec2MetricChange'>Ec2MetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


The percentage of allocated EC2 compute units that are currently in use on the instance. This
metric identifies the processing power required to run an application upon a selected
instance.

Depending on the instance type, tools in your operating system can show a lower percentage
than CloudWatch when the instance is not allocated a full processor core.

Units: Percent

{{% /md %}}
</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="diskReadBytes">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="{{< pkg-url pkg="awsx" path="ec2/metrics.ts#L225" >}}">function <b>diskReadBytes</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents">
{{% md %}}

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>diskReadBytes(change?: <a href='#Ec2MetricChange'>Ec2MetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


Bytes read from all instance store volumes available to the instance.

This metric is used to determine the volume of the data the application reads from the hard
disk of the instance. This can be used to determine the speed of the application.

The number reported is the number of bytes received during the period. If you are using basic
(five-minute) monitoring, you can divide this number by 300 to find Bytes/second. If you have
detailed (one-minute) monitoring, divide it by 60.

If there are no instance store volumes, either the value is 0 or the metric is not reported.

Units: Bytes

{{% /md %}}
</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="diskReadOps">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="{{< pkg-url pkg="awsx" path="ec2/metrics.ts#L192" >}}">function <b>diskReadOps</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents">
{{% md %}}

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>diskReadOps(change?: <a href='#Ec2MetricChange'>Ec2MetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


Completed read operations from all instance store volumes available to the instance in a
specified period of time.

To calculate the average I/O operations per second (IOPS) for the period, divide the total
operations in the period by the number of seconds in that period.

If there are no instance store volumes, either the value is 0 or the metric is not reported.

Units: Count

{{% /md %}}
</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="diskWriteBytes">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="{{< pkg-url pkg="awsx" path="ec2/metrics.ts#L243" >}}">function <b>diskWriteBytes</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents">
{{% md %}}

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>diskWriteBytes(change?: <a href='#Ec2MetricChange'>Ec2MetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


Bytes written to all instance store volumes available to the instance.

This metric is used to determine the volume of the data the application writes onto the hard
disk of the instance. This can be used to determine the speed of the application.

The number reported is the number of bytes received during the period. If you are using basic
(five-minute) monitoring, you can divide this number by 300 to find Bytes/second. If you have
detailed (one-minute) monitoring, divide it by 60.

If there are no instance store volumes, either the value is 0 or the metric is not reported.

Units: Bytes

{{% /md %}}
</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="diskWriteOps">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="{{< pkg-url pkg="awsx" path="ec2/metrics.ts#L207" >}}">function <b>diskWriteOps</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents">
{{% md %}}

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>diskWriteOps(change?: <a href='#Ec2MetricChange'>Ec2MetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


Completed write operations to all instance store volumes available to the instance in a
specified period of time.

To calculate the average I/O operations per second (IOPS) for the period, divide the total
operations in the period by the number of seconds in that period.

If there are no instance store volumes, either the value is 0 or the metric is not reported.

Units: Count

{{% /md %}}
</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="ebsByteBalance">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="{{< pkg-url pkg="awsx" path="ec2/metrics.ts#L415" >}}">function <b>ebsByteBalance</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents">
{{% md %}}

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>ebsByteBalance(change?: <a href='#Ec2MetricChange'>Ec2MetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


Available only for the smaller instance sizes. Provides information about the percentage of
throughput credits remaining in the burst bucket. This metric is available for basic
monitoring only.

Unit: Percent

{{% /md %}}
</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="ebsIOBalance">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="{{< pkg-url pkg="awsx" path="ec2/metrics.ts#L404" >}}">function <b>ebsIOBalance</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents">
{{% md %}}

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>ebsIOBalance(change?: <a href='#Ec2MetricChange'>Ec2MetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


Available only for the smaller instance sizes. Provides information about the percentage of
I/O credits remaining in the burst bucket. This metric is available for basic monitoring
only.

Unit: Percent

{{% /md %}}
</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="ebsReadBytes">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="{{< pkg-url pkg="awsx" path="ec2/metrics.ts#L380" >}}">function <b>ebsReadBytes</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents">
{{% md %}}

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>ebsReadBytes(change?: <a href='#Ec2MetricChange'>Ec2MetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


Bytes read from all EBS volumes attached to the instance in a specified period of time.

The number reported is the number of bytes read during the period. If you are using basic
(five-minute) monitoring, you can divide this number by 300 to find Read Bytes/second. If you
have detailed (one-minute) monitoring, divide it by 60.

Unit: Bytes

{{% /md %}}
</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="ebsReadOps">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="{{< pkg-url pkg="awsx" path="ec2/metrics.ts#L352" >}}">function <b>ebsReadOps</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents">
{{% md %}}

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>ebsReadOps(change?: <a href='#Ec2MetricChange'>Ec2MetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


Completed read operations from all Amazon EBS volumes attached to the instance in a specified
period of time.

To calculate the average read I/O operations per second (Read IOPS) for the period, divide
the total operations in the period by the number of seconds in that period. If you are using
basic (five-minute) monitoring, you can divide this number by 300 to calculate the Read IOPS.
If you have detailed (one-minute) monitoring, divide it by 60.

Unit: Count

{{% /md %}}
</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="ebsWriteBytes">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="{{< pkg-url pkg="awsx" path="ec2/metrics.ts#L393" >}}">function <b>ebsWriteBytes</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents">
{{% md %}}

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>ebsWriteBytes(change?: <a href='#Ec2MetricChange'>Ec2MetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


Bytes written to all EBS volumes attached to the instance in a specified period of time.

The number reported is the number of bytes written during the period. If you are using basic
(five-minute) monitoring, you can divide this number by 300 to find Write Bytes/second. If
you have detailed (one-minute) monitoring, divide it by 60.

Unit: Bytes

{{% /md %}}
</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="ebsWriteOps">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="{{< pkg-url pkg="awsx" path="ec2/metrics.ts#L367" >}}">function <b>ebsWriteOps</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents">
{{% md %}}

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>ebsWriteOps(change?: <a href='#Ec2MetricChange'>Ec2MetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


Completed write operations to all EBS volumes attached to the instance in a specified period
of time.

To calculate the average write I/O operations per second (Write IOPS) for the period, divide
the total operations in the period by the number of seconds in that period. If you are using
basic (five-minute) monitoring, you can divide this number by 300 to calculate the Write
IOPS. If you have detailed (one-minute) monitoring, divide it by 60.

Unit: Count

{{% /md %}}
</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="metric">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="{{< pkg-url pkg="awsx" path="ec2/metrics.ts#L82" >}}">function <b>metric</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents">
{{% md %}}

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>metric(metricName: <a href='#Ec2MetricName'>Ec2MetricName</a>, change: <a href='#Ec2MetricChange'>Ec2MetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


Creates an AWS/EC2 metric with the requested [metricName]. See
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/viewing_metrics_with_cloudwatch.html for list
of all metric-names.

Note, individual metrics can easily be obtained without supplying the name using the other
[metricXXX] functions.

Amazon EC2 sends metrics to Amazon CloudWatch. You can use the AWS Management Console, the AWS
CLI, or an API to list the metrics that Amazon EC2 sends to CloudWatch. By default, each data
point covers the 5 minutes that follow the start time of activity for the instance. If you've
enabled detailed monitoring, each data point covers the next minute of activity from the start
time.

You can use the following dimensions to refine the metrics returned for your instances.

1. "AutoScalingGroupName": This dimension filters the data you request for all instances in a
   specified capacity group. An Auto Scaling group is a collection of instances you define if
   you're using Auto Scaling. This dimension is available only for Amazon EC2 metrics when the
   instances are in such an Auto Scaling group. Available for instances with Detailed or Basic
   Monitoring enabled.
2. "ImageId": This dimension filters the data you request for all instances running this Amazon
   EC2 Amazon Machine Image (AMI). Available for instances with Detailed Monitoring enabled.
3. "InstanceId": This dimension filters the data you request for the identified instance only.
   This helps you pinpoint an exact instance from which to monitor data.
4. "InstanceType": This dimension filters the data you request for all instances running with
   this specified instance type. This helps you categorize your data by the type of instance
   running. For example, you might compare data from an m1.small instance and an m1.large
   instance to determine which has the better business value for your application. Available for
   instances with Detailed Monitoring enabled.

{{% /md %}}
</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="networkIn">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="{{< pkg-url pkg="awsx" path="ec2/metrics.ts#L257" >}}">function <b>networkIn</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents">
{{% md %}}

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>networkIn(change?: <a href='#Ec2MetricChange'>Ec2MetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


The number of bytes received on all network interfaces by the instance. This metric
identifies the volume of incoming network traffic to a single instance.

The number reported is the number of bytes received during the period. If you are using basic
(five-minute) monitoring, you can divide this number by 300 to find Bytes/second. If you have
detailed (one-minute) monitoring, divide it by 60.

Units: Bytes

{{% /md %}}
</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="networkOut">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="{{< pkg-url pkg="awsx" path="ec2/metrics.ts#L271" >}}">function <b>networkOut</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents">
{{% md %}}

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>networkOut(change?: <a href='#Ec2MetricChange'>Ec2MetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


The number of bytes sent out on all network interfaces by the instance. This metric
identifies the volume of outgoing network traffic from a single instance.

The number reported is the number of bytes sent during the period. If you are using basic
(five-minute) monitoring, you can divide this number by 300 to find Bytes/second. If you have
detailed (one-minute) monitoring, divide it by 60.

Units: Bytes

{{% /md %}}
</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="networkPacketsIn">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="{{< pkg-url pkg="awsx" path="ec2/metrics.ts#L284" >}}">function <b>networkPacketsIn</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents">
{{% md %}}

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>networkPacketsIn(change?: <a href='#Ec2MetricChange'>Ec2MetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


The number of packets received on all network interfaces by the instance. This metric
identifies the volume of incoming traffic in terms of the number of packets on a single
instance. This metric is available for basic monitoring only.

Units: Count

Statistics: Minimum, Maximum, Average

{{% /md %}}
</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="networkPacketsOut">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="{{< pkg-url pkg="awsx" path="ec2/metrics.ts#L297" >}}">function <b>networkPacketsOut</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents">
{{% md %}}

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>networkPacketsOut(change?: <a href='#Ec2MetricChange'>Ec2MetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


The number of packets sent out on all network interfaces by the instance. This metric
identifies the volume of outgoing traffic in terms of the number of packets on a single
instance. This metric is available for basic monitoring only.

Units: Count

Statistics: Minimum, Maximum, Average

{{% /md %}}
</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="statusCheckFailed">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="{{< pkg-url pkg="awsx" path="ec2/metrics.ts#L311" >}}">function <b>statusCheckFailed</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents">
{{% md %}}

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>statusCheckFailed(change?: <a href='#Ec2MetricChange'>Ec2MetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


Reports whether the instance has passed both the instance status check and the system status
check in the last minute.

This metric can be either 0 (passed) or 1 (failed).

By default, this metric is available at a 1-minute frequency at no charge.

Units: Count

{{% /md %}}
</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="statusCheckFailed_Instance">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="{{< pkg-url pkg="awsx" path="ec2/metrics.ts#L324" >}}">function <b>statusCheckFailed_Instance</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents">
{{% md %}}

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>statusCheckFailed_Instance(change?: <a href='#Ec2MetricChange'>Ec2MetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


Reports whether the instance has passed the instance status check in the last minute.

This metric can be either 0 (passed) or 1 (failed).

By default, this metric is available at a 1-minute frequency at no charge.

Units: Count

{{% /md %}}
</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="statusCheckFailed_System">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="{{< pkg-url pkg="awsx" path="ec2/metrics.ts#L337" >}}">function <b>statusCheckFailed_System</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents">
{{% md %}}

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>statusCheckFailed_System(change?: <a href='#Ec2MetricChange'>Ec2MetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


Reports whether the instance has passed the system status check in the last minute.

This metric can be either 0 (passed) or 1 (failed).

By default, this metric is available at a 1-minute frequency at no charge.

Units: Count

{{% /md %}}
</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="Ec2MetricChange">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="{{< pkg-url pkg="awsx" path="ec2/metrics.ts#L29" >}}">interface <b>Ec2MetricChange</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents">
<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'>extends</span> <a href='#MetricChange'>MetricChange</a></pre>
<h3 class="pdoc-member-header" id="Ec2MetricChange-color">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="{{< pkg-url pkg="awsx" path="cloudwatch/metric.ts#L439" >}}">property <b>color</b></a>
</h3>
<div class="pdoc-member-contents">
<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>color?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>&gt;;</pre>
{{% md %}}

The six-digit HTML hex color code to be used for this metric.

Only used if this metric is displayed in a [Dashboard] with a [MetricWidget].

{{% /md %}}
</div>
<h3 class="pdoc-member-header" id="Ec2MetricChange-dimensions">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="{{< pkg-url pkg="awsx" path="cloudwatch/metric.ts#L408" >}}">property <b>dimensions</b></a>
</h3>
<div class="pdoc-member-contents">
<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>dimensions?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;Record&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>, <span class='kd'><a href='https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/basic-types.html#any'>any</a></span>&gt;&gt;;</pre>
{{% md %}}

The new dimension for this metric.  If this object is missing this property, then no change
will be made.  However, if the property is there by set to [undefined] then the value will be
cleared.

{{% /md %}}
</div>
<h3 class="pdoc-member-header" id="Ec2MetricChange-extendedStatistic">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="{{< pkg-url pkg="awsx" path="cloudwatch/metric.ts#L426" >}}">property <b>extendedStatistic</b></a>
</h3>
<div class="pdoc-member-contents">
<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>extendedStatistic?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number'>number</a></span>&gt;;</pre>
{{% md %}}

The new percentile statistic for the metric associated with the alarm.  If this object is
missing this property, then no change will be made.  However, if the property is there by set
to [undefined] then the value will be set to the default.

{{% /md %}}
</div>
<h3 class="pdoc-member-header" id="Ec2MetricChange-imageId">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="{{< pkg-url pkg="awsx" path="ec2/metrics.ts#L39" >}}">property <b>imageId</b></a>
</h3>
<div class="pdoc-member-contents">
<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>imageId?: <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/undefined'>undefined</a></span> | <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>;</pre>
{{% md %}}

This dimension filters the data you request for all instances running this Amazon EC2
Amazon Machine Image (AMI). Available for instances with Detailed Monitoring enabled.

{{% /md %}}
</div>
<h3 class="pdoc-member-header" id="Ec2MetricChange-instance">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="{{< pkg-url pkg="awsx" path="ec2/metrics.ts#L33" >}}">property <b>instance</b></a>
</h3>
<div class="pdoc-member-contents">
<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>instance?: aws.ec2.Instance;</pre>
{{% md %}}

Optional [Instance] this metric should be filtered down to.

{{% /md %}}
</div>
<h3 class="pdoc-member-header" id="Ec2MetricChange-instanceType">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="{{< pkg-url pkg="awsx" path="ec2/metrics.ts#L48" >}}">property <b>instanceType</b></a>
</h3>
<div class="pdoc-member-contents">
<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>instanceType?: aws.ec2.InstanceType;</pre>
{{% md %}}

This dimension filters the data you request for all instances running with this specified
instance type. This helps you categorize your data by the type of instance running. For
example, you might compare data from an m1.small instance and an m1.large instance to
determine which has the better business value for your application. Available for
instances with Detailed Monitoring enabled.

{{% /md %}}
</div>
<h3 class="pdoc-member-header" id="Ec2MetricChange-label">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="{{< pkg-url pkg="awsx" path="cloudwatch/metric.ts#L448" >}}">property <b>label</b></a>
</h3>
<div class="pdoc-member-contents">
<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>label?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>&gt;;</pre>
{{% md %}}

The label to display for this metric in the graph legend. If this is not specified, the
metric is given an autogenerated label that distinguishes it from the other metrics in the
widget.

Only used if this metric is displayed in a [Dashboard] with a [MetricWidget].

{{% /md %}}
</div>
<h3 class="pdoc-member-header" id="Ec2MetricChange-period">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="{{< pkg-url pkg="awsx" path="cloudwatch/metric.ts#L414" >}}">property <b>period</b></a>
</h3>
<div class="pdoc-member-contents">
<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>period?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number'>number</a></span>&gt;;</pre>
{{% md %}}

The new period in seconds over which the specified `stat` is applied.  If this object is
missing this property, then no change will be made.  However, if the property is there by set
to [undefined] then the value will be set to the default (300s).

{{% /md %}}
</div>
<h3 class="pdoc-member-header" id="Ec2MetricChange-statistic">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="{{< pkg-url pkg="awsx" path="cloudwatch/metric.ts#L420" >}}">property <b>statistic</b></a>
</h3>
<div class="pdoc-member-contents">
<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>statistic?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<a href='#MetricStatistic'>MetricStatistic</a>&gt;;</pre>
{{% md %}}

The new statistic to apply to the alarm's associated metric.  If this object is missing this
property, then no change will be made.  However, if the property is there by set to
[undefined] then the value will be set to the default.

{{% /md %}}
</div>
<h3 class="pdoc-member-header" id="Ec2MetricChange-unit">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="{{< pkg-url pkg="awsx" path="cloudwatch/metric.ts#L432" >}}">property <b>unit</b></a>
</h3>
<div class="pdoc-member-contents">
<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>unit?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<a href='#MetricUnit'>MetricUnit</a>&gt;;</pre>
{{% md %}}

The new unit for this metric.   If this object is missing this property, then no change will
be made.  However, if the property is there by set to [undefined] then the value will be set
to the default.

{{% /md %}}
</div>
<h3 class="pdoc-member-header" id="Ec2MetricChange-visible">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="{{< pkg-url pkg="awsx" path="cloudwatch/metric.ts#L456" >}}">property <b>visible</b></a>
</h3>
<div class="pdoc-member-contents">
<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>visible?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean'>boolean</a></span>&gt;;</pre>
{{% md %}}

Set this to true to have the metric appear in the graph, or false to have it be hidden. The
default is true.

Only used if this metric is displayed in a [Dashboard] with a [MetricWidget].

{{% /md %}}
</div>
<h3 class="pdoc-member-header" id="Ec2MetricChange-yAxis">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="{{< pkg-url pkg="awsx" path="cloudwatch/metric.ts#L463" >}}">property <b>yAxis</b></a>
</h3>
<div class="pdoc-member-contents">
<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>yAxis?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='s2'>"left"</span> | <span class='s2'>"right"</span>&gt;;</pre>
{{% md %}}

Where on the graph to display the y-axis for this metric. The default is left.

Only used if this metric is displayed in a [Dashboard] with a [MetricWidget].

{{% /md %}}
</div>
</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="Ec2MetricName">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="{{< pkg-url pkg="awsx" path="ec2/metrics.ts#L21" >}}">type <b>Ec2MetricName</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents">
<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'>type</span> Ec2MetricName = <span class='s2'>"CPUCreditUsage"</span> | <span class='s2'>"CPUCreditBalance"</span> | <span class='s2'>"CPUSurplusCreditBalance"</span> | <span class='s2'>"CPUSurplusCreditsCharged"</span> | <span class='s2'>"CPUUtilization"</span> | <span class='s2'>"DiskReadOps"</span> | <span class='s2'>"DiskWriteOps"</span> | <span class='s2'>"DiskReadBytes"</span> | <span class='s2'>"DiskWriteBytes"</span> | <span class='s2'>"NetworkIn"</span> | <span class='s2'>"NetworkOut"</span> | <span class='s2'>"NetworkPacketsIn"</span> | <span class='s2'>"NetworkPacketsOut"</span> | <span class='s2'>"StatusCheckFailed"</span> | <span class='s2'>"StatusCheckFailed_Instance"</span> | <span class='s2'>"StatusCheckFailed_System"</span> | <span class='s2'>"EBSReadOps"</span> | <span class='s2'>"EBSWriteOps"</span> | <span class='s2'>"EBSReadBytes"</span> | <span class='s2'>"EBSWriteBytes"</span> | <span class='s2'>"EBSIOBalance%"</span> | <span class='s2'>"EBSByteBalance%"</span>;</pre>
</div>
