---
title: "Module autoscaling"
title_tag: "Module autoscaling | Package @pulumi/awsx | Node.js SDK"
linktitle: "autoscaling"
meta_desc: "Explore members of the autoscaling module in the @pulumi/awsx package."
git_sha: "5b247e093ed7e8a789c4a34663a5ef8a3a5acef3"
---

<!-- WARNING: this page was generated by a tool. Do not edit it by hand. -->
<!-- To change it, please see https://github.com/pulumi/docs/tree/master/tools/tscdocgen. -->


# Pulumi Autoscaling Components

AutoScalingGroups (ASGs) allow you to allocate a set of EC2 instances on which to run code (like ECS Services) for a `Cluster`.  Groups can define hard constraints in terms of the minimum, maximum and desired number of instances that should be running.  They can also specify [Scaling Schedules](#scaling-schedules) that control changing these desired values (for example, to scale up on certain days with high expected load), as well as specifying [Scaling Policies](#scaling-policies) that will adjust how the group scales in response to events happening in the system.

## Creating an AutoScalingGroup

AutoScalingGroups are created for a corresponding `awsx.ecs.Cluster`.  This can be done by either manually creating a cluster, or using `Cluster.getDefault()` to get to the default cluster for the default VPC for the account.  The simplest way to create a `AutoScalingGroup` is to just do:

```ts
const cluster = new awsx.ecs.Cluster("testing", { vpc });

const autoScalingGroup = cluster.createAutoScalingGroup("testing", {
    templateParameters: { minSize: 10 },
    launchConfigurationArgs: { instanceType: "t2.medium" },
});
```

This will create an ASG that use the private subnets of the VPC, attempting to keep around at least 10 instances running with the specified size.  If you want instances to be allowed access to the internet, this can be done by specifying:

```ts
const autoScalingGroup = cluster.createAutoScalingGroup("testing", {
    // ... other parameters
    subnetIds: vpc.publicSubnetIds,
    launchConfigurationArgs: { instanceType: "t2.medium", associatePublicIpAddress: true },
});
```

Here we place in the public subnets of the VPC and provide `associatePublicIpAddress: true` so that instances will have IPs that are externally reachable.

## Template parameters

The `templateParameters` allows one to control additional aspects of the ASG.  For example, the following are supported:

1. Setting a `maxSize` for the maximum number of instances that can be launched at a time.
2. Controlling how health checks are performed to determine if new instances should be created.
3. Specifying an appropriate `defaultCooldown` period which controls how often the ASG actually scales things.  This cooldown period helps avoid rapid runaway scaling scenarios from happening.

## Launch configuration

The `launchConfiguration` (or `launchConfigurationArgs`) properties help control the configuration
of the actual instances that are launched by the ASG.  A launch configuration is an instance
configuration template that an Auto Scaling group uses to launch EC2 instances. When you create a
launch configuration, you specify information for the instances. Include the ID of the Amazon
Machine Image (AMI), the instance type, a key pair, one or more security groups, and a block device
mapping. If you've launched an EC2 instance before, you specified the same information in order to
launch the instance.

If you don't provide either of these properties, a default configuration will be created on your behalf with basic values set as appropriate.

## Scaling schedules

Scaling based on a schedule allows you to set your own scaling schedule for predictable load changes. For example, every week the traffic to your web application starts to increase on Wednesday, remains high on Thursday, and starts to decrease on Friday. You can plan your scaling actions based on the predictable traffic patterns of your web application. Scaling actions are performed automatically as a function of time and date.

To create a `Schedule` you can do:

```ts
// Schedule the ASG to go up to 20 instances on Friday and back down to 10 on Monday.
autoScalingGroup.scaleOnSchedule("scaleUpOnFriday", {
    desiredCapacity: 20,
    recurrence: { dayOfWeek: "Friday" },
});
autoScalingGroup.scaleOnSchedule("scaleDownOnMonday", {
    desiredCapacity: 10,
    recurrence: { dayOfWeek: "Monday" },
});
```

Schedules also support normal [Cron](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cron) format strings like so:

```ts
// Schedule the ASG to go up to 20 instances on Friday and back down to 10 on Monday.
autoScalingGroup.scaleOnSchedule("scaleUpOnFriday", {
    desiredCapacity: 20,
    recurrence: "* * * * 5",
});
autoScalingGroup.scaleOnSchedule("scaleDownOnMonday", {
    desiredCapacity: 10,
    recurrence: "* * * * 1",
});
```

## Scaling policies

A more advanced way to scale; scaling policies lets you define parameters that control the scaling process. For example, you could have a web application that currently runs on two EC2 instances and you want the CPU utilization of the group to stay at around 50 percent when the load on the application changes. This is useful for scaling in response to changing conditions, when you don't necessarily know a specific schedule when those conditions will change.

There are two main ways to scale on demand:

1. [Target Tracking](#target-tracking-scaling).  With target tracking scaling policies, you select a
   scaling metric and set a target value. Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling creates and manages the CloudWatch
   alarms that trigger the scaling policy and calculates the scaling adjustment based on the metric
   and the target value. The scaling policy adds or removes capacity as required to keep the metric
   at, or close to, the specified target value.

2. [Step Scaling](#step-scaling).  With step scaling, you choose scaling metrics and threshold
   values for the CloudWatch alarms that trigger the scaling process as well as define how your
   scalable target should be scaled when a threshold is in breach for a specified number of
   evaluation periods. Step scaling policies increase or decrease the current capacity of a scalable
   target based on a set of scaling adjustments, known as step adjustments. The adjustments vary
   based on the size of the alarm breach.

### Target tracking scaling

With target tracking scaling policies, you select a scaling metric and set a target value. Amazon
EC2 Auto Scaling creates and manages the CloudWatch alarms that trigger the scaling policy and
calculates the scaling adjustment based on the metric and the target value. The scaling policy adds
or removes capacity as required to keep the metric at, or close to, the specified target value. In
addition to keeping the metric close to the target value, a target tracking scaling policy also
adjusts to the changes in the metric due to a changing load pattern.

#### Predefined target tracking scaling

AutoScalingGroups provide several predefined scaling metrics.

1. Scaling based on cpu utilization:

```ts
// Try to keep the ASG using around 50% CPU.
autoScalingGroup.scaleToTrackAverageCPUUtilization("keepAround50Percent", {
    targetValue: 50,
});
```

If you only want the ASG to scale up by adding instances, and not have it remove instances when usage falls, you can pass `disableScaleIn: true`.

```ts
autoScalingGroup.scaleToTrackAverageCPUUtilization("scaleDownOnMonday", {
    targetValue: 50,
    disableScaleIn: true,
});
```

2. Scaling based on the average number of bytes sent/received on all network interfaces in this ASG.

```ts
autoScalingGroup.scaleToTrackAverageNetworkIn("scaleDownOnMonday", {
    targetValue: 100000000,
});
autoScalingGroup.scaleToTrackAverageNetworkOut("scaleDownOnMonday", {
    targetValue: 100000000,
});
```

3. Scaling based on the average number of requests completed per `awsx.lb.ApplicationTargetGroup` in the ASG.  In order to do this, the ASG must be informed of that particular `TargetGroup` at creation time. Scaling for `TargetGroup`s is only supported if the `TargetGroup.targetType` is set to `"instance"`.

```ts
const cluster = new awsx.ecs.Cluster("testing");
const loadBalancer = new awsx.lb.ApplicationLoadBalancer("testing", { external: true });

const targetGroup = loadBalancer.createTargetGroup("testing", { port: 80, targetType: "instance" });

const autoScalingGroup = cluster.createAutoScalingGroup("testing", {
    targetGroups: [targetGroup],
    subnetIds: awsx.ec2.Vpc.getDefault().publicSubnetIds,
    templateParameters: { minSize: 10 },
    launchConfigurationArgs: { instanceType: "t2.medium", associatePublicIpAddress: true },
});

const policy = autoScalingGroup.scaleToTrackRequestCountPerTarget("onHighRequest", {
    targetValue: 1000,
    targetGroup: targetGroup,
});
```

#### Custom metric target tracking scaling

On top of the predefined targets defined above, you can also scale to any arbitrary
[awsx.cloudwatch.Metric].  Note: not all metrics work for target tracking. This can be important
when you are specifying a customized metric. The metric must be a valid utilization metric and
describe how busy an instance is. The metric value must increase or decrease proportionally to the
number of instances in the Auto Scaling group. That's so the metric data can be used to
proportionally scale out or in the number of instances.

We recommend that you scale on Amazon EC2 instance metrics with a 1-minute frequency because that
ensures a faster response to utilization changes. Scaling on metrics with a 5-minute frequency can
result in slower response times and scaling on stale metric data. By default, Amazon EC2 instances
are enabled for basic monitoring, which means metric data for instances is available at 5-minute
intervals. You can enable detailed monitoring to get metric data for instances at 1-minute
frequency. For more information, see
[Configure-Monitoring-for-Auto-Scaling-Instances](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/as-instance-monitoring.html#enable-as-instance-metrics).

```ts
// Scale the ASG based on average memory utilization of a service.
// Try to keep enough instances to keep things around 50% memory utilization.
autoScalingGroup.scaleToTrackMetric("keepAround50Percent", {
    metric: awsx.ecs.metrics.memoryUtilization({ service, statistic: "Average", unit: "Percent" }),
    targetValue: 50,
});
```

### Step scaling

Step scaling policies increase or decrease the current capacity of your Auto Scaling group based on
a set of scaling adjustments, known as step adjustments. The adjustments vary based on the size of
the alarm breach.

For example, consider the following StepScaling description for an ASG that has both a current
capacity and a desired capacity of 10. The current and desired capacity is maintained while the
aggregated metric value is greater than 40 and less than 60.

```ts
const autoScalingGroup = cluster.createAutoScalingGroup("testing", {
    templateParameters: { minSize: 2, desiredCapacity: 10 },
    launchConfigurationArgs: { instanceType: "t2.medium" },
});

autoScalingGroup.scaleInSteps("scale-in-out", {
    metric: awsx.ecs.metrics.memoryUtilization({ service, statistic: "Average", unit: "Percent" }),
    adjustmentType: "PercentChangeInCapacity",
    steps: {
        lower: [{ value: 30, adjustment: -30 }, { value: 40, adjustment: -10 }],
        upper: [{ value: 60, adjustment: 10 }, { value: 70, adjustment: 30 }]
    },
};
```

This represents the following scaling strategy:

```
Memory utilization:

0%               30%    40%          60%     70%               100%
-------------------------------------------------------------------
|       -30%      | -10% | Unchanged  | +10%  |       +30%        |
-------------------------------------------------------------------
```

This will end up setting two alarms for this metric.  One for when the metric goes above 60%, and
one where it goes below.  Depending on which step range the value is in when the alarm fires, the
ASG will scale accordingly.  Because we've chosen `"PercentChangeInCapacity"` as our adjustment type, a value of 65% would scale the ASG up by 10%, while a value of 85% would scale the ASG up by 30%.

If the metric value gets to 60, Auto Scaling increases the desired capacity of the group by 1, to
11. That's based on the second step adjustment of the scale-out policy (add 10 percent of 10). After
the new capacity is added, Application Auto Scaling increases the current capacity to 11. If the
metric value rises to 70 even after this increase in capacity, Application Auto Scaling increases
the target capacity by 3, to 14. That's based on the third step adjustment of the scale-out policy
(add 30 percent of 11, 3.3, rounded down to 3).

If the metric value gets to 40, Application Auto Scaling decreases the target capacity by 1, to
13, based on the second step adjustment of the scale-in policy (remove 10 percent of 14, 1.4,
rounded down to 1). If the metric value falls to 30 even after this decrease in capacity,
Application Auto Scaling decreases the target capacity by 3, to 10, based on the third step
adjustment of the scale-in policy (remove 30 percent of 13, 3.9, rounded down to 3).

Other adjustment types are possible as well.  The full list is:

1. "ChangeInCapacity".  This increases or decreases the current capacity of the group by the
   specified number of instances. A positive value increases the capacity and a negative adjustment
   value decreases the capacity.  For example: If the current capacity of the group is 3 instances
   and the adjustment is 5, then when this policy is performed, there are 5 instances added to the
   group for a total of 8 instances.

2. "ExactCapacity".  This changes the current capacity of the group to the specified number of instances. Specify a positive value with this adjustment type.  For example: If the current capacity of the group is 3 instances and the adjustment is 5, then when this policy is performed, the capacity is set to 5 instances.

3. "PercentChangeInCapacity".  As shown above. Increment or decrement the current capacity of the
   group by the specified percentage. A positive value increases the capacity and a negative value
   decreases the capacity. If the resulting value is not an integer, it is rounded.  See [step
   scaling](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/as-scaling-simple-step.html for
   more) details.  With "PercentChangeInCapacity", you can also specify the minimum number of
   instances to scale using the `minAdjustmentMagnitude` parameter.




<h3>namespace <strong>metrics</strong></h3>
<ul class="api">
<li><a href="#AutoScalingMetricChange"><span class="symbol api"></span>AutoScalingMetricChange</a></li>
<li><a href="#groupDesiredCapacity"><span class="symbol api"></span>groupDesiredCapacity</a></li>
<li><a href="#groupInServiceInstances"><span class="symbol api"></span>groupInServiceInstances</a></li>
<li><a href="#groupMaxSize"><span class="symbol api"></span>groupMaxSize</a></li>
<li><a href="#groupMinSize"><span class="symbol api"></span>groupMinSize</a></li>
<li><a href="#groupPendingInstances"><span class="symbol api"></span>groupPendingInstances</a></li>
<li><a href="#groupStandbyInstances"><span class="symbol api"></span>groupStandbyInstances</a></li>
<li><a href="#groupTerminatingInstances"><span class="symbol api"></span>groupTerminatingInstances</a></li>
<li><a href="#groupTotalInstances"><span class="symbol api"></span>groupTotalInstances</a></li>
<li><a href="#metric"><span class="symbol api"></span>metric</a></li>
</ul>

<h3>Resources</h3>
<ul class="api">
    <li><a href="#AutoScalingGroup"><span class="symbol resource"></span>AutoScalingGroup</a></li>
    <li><a href="#AutoScalingLaunchConfiguration"><span class="symbol resource"></span>AutoScalingLaunchConfiguration</a></li>
    <li><a href="#StepScalingPolicy"><span class="symbol resource"></span>StepScalingPolicy</a></li>
</ul>


<h3>Others</h3>
<ul class="api">
    <li><a href="#AdjustmentType"><span class="symbol api"></span>AdjustmentType</a></li>
    <li><a href="#ApplicationTargetGroupTrackingPolicyArgs"><span class="symbol api"></span>ApplicationTargetGroupTrackingPolicyArgs</a></li>
    <li><a href="#AutoScalingGroupArgs"><span class="symbol api"></span>AutoScalingGroupArgs</a></li>
    <li><a href="#AutoScalingLaunchConfigurationArgs"><span class="symbol api"></span>AutoScalingLaunchConfigurationArgs</a></li>
    <li><a href="#AutoScalingUserData"><span class="symbol api"></span>AutoScalingUserData</a></li>
    <li><a href="#cronExpression"><span class="symbol api"></span>cronExpression</a></li>
    <li><a href="#CustomMetricTargetTrackingPolicyArgs"><span class="symbol api"></span>CustomMetricTargetTrackingPolicyArgs</a></li>
    <li><a href="#DayOfWeek"><span class="symbol api"></span>DayOfWeek</a></li>
    <li><a href="#Month"><span class="symbol api"></span>Month</a></li>
    <li><a href="#ScalingStep"><span class="symbol api"></span>ScalingStep</a></li>
    <li><a href="#ScalingSteps"><span class="symbol api"></span>ScalingSteps</a></li>
    <li><a href="#ScheduleArgs"><span class="symbol api"></span>ScheduleArgs</a></li>
    <li><a href="#ScheduleRecurrenceArgs"><span class="symbol api"></span>ScheduleRecurrenceArgs</a></li>
    <li><a href="#StepScalingPolicyArgs"><span class="symbol api"></span>StepScalingPolicyArgs</a></li>
    <li><a href="#TargetTrackingPolicyArgs"><span class="symbol api"></span>TargetTrackingPolicyArgs</a></li>
    <li><a href="#TemplateParameters"><span class="symbol api"></span>TemplateParameters</a></li>
    <li><a href="#UserDataLine"><span class="symbol api"></span>UserDataLine</a></li>
</ul>

<h2 id="metrics" data-link-title="metrics">namespace <strong>metrics</strong></h2>
<h3 class="pdoc-module-header" id="AutoScalingMetricChange" data-link-title="AutoScalingMetricChange">
    <a href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/metrics.ts#L20">
        interface <strong>AutoScalingMetricChange</strong>
    </a>
</h3>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kr'>interface</span> <span class='nx'>AutoScalingMetricChange</span> <span class='kr'>extends</span> <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/awsx/cloudwatch/#MetricChange'>MetricChange</a></code></pre>
<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingMetricChange-color">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/cloudwatch/metric.ts#L442">property <b>color</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>color?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>&gt;;</code></pre>

The six-digit HTML hex color code to be used for this metric.

Only used if this metric is displayed in a [Dashboard] with a [MetricWidget].

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingMetricChange-dimensions">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/cloudwatch/metric.ts#L411">property <b>dimensions</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>dimensions?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;Record&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>, <span class='kd'><a href='https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/basic-types.html#any'>any</a></span>&gt;&gt;;</code></pre>

The new dimension for this metric.  If this object is missing this property, then no change
will be made.  However, if the property is there by set to [undefined] then the value will be
cleared.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingMetricChange-extendedStatistic">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/cloudwatch/metric.ts#L429">property <b>extendedStatistic</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>extendedStatistic?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number'>number</a></span>&gt;;</code></pre>

The new percentile statistic for the metric associated with the alarm.  If this object is
missing this property, then no change will be made.  However, if the property is there by set
to [undefined] then the value will be set to the default.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingMetricChange-group">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/metrics.ts#L24">property <b>group</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>group?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/aws/autoscaling/#Group'>aws.autoscaling.Group</a>;</code></pre>

Optional [Group] to filter down events to.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingMetricChange-label">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/cloudwatch/metric.ts#L451">property <b>label</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>label?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>&gt;;</code></pre>

The label to display for this metric in the graph legend. If this is not specified, the
metric is given an autogenerated label that distinguishes it from the other metrics in the
widget.

Only used if this metric is displayed in a [Dashboard] with a [MetricWidget].

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingMetricChange-period">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/cloudwatch/metric.ts#L417">property <b>period</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>period?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number'>number</a></span>&gt;;</code></pre>

The new period in seconds over which the specified `stat` is applied.  If this object is
missing this property, then no change will be made.  However, if the property is there by set
to [undefined] then the value will be set to the default (300s).

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingMetricChange-statistic">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/cloudwatch/metric.ts#L423">property <b>statistic</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>statistic?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/awsx/cloudwatch/#MetricStatistic'>MetricStatistic</a>&gt;;</code></pre>

The new statistic to apply to the alarm's associated metric.  If this object is missing this
property, then no change will be made.  However, if the property is there by set to
[undefined] then the value will be set to the default.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingMetricChange-unit">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/cloudwatch/metric.ts#L435">property <b>unit</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>unit?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/awsx/cloudwatch/#MetricUnit'>MetricUnit</a>&gt;;</code></pre>

The new unit for this metric.   If this object is missing this property, then no change will
be made.  However, if the property is there by set to [undefined] then the value will be set
to the default.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingMetricChange-visible">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/cloudwatch/metric.ts#L459">property <b>visible</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>visible?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean'>boolean</a></span>&gt;;</code></pre>

Set this to true to have the metric appear in the graph, or false to have it be hidden. The
default is true.

Only used if this metric is displayed in a [Dashboard] with a [MetricWidget].

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingMetricChange-yAxis">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/cloudwatch/metric.ts#L466">property <b>yAxis</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>yAxis?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='s2'>"left"</span> | <span class='s2'>"right"</span>&gt;;</code></pre>

Where on the graph to display the y-axis for this metric. The default is left.

Only used if this metric is displayed in a [Dashboard] with a [MetricWidget].

<h3 class="pdoc-module-header" id="groupDesiredCapacity" data-link-title="groupDesiredCapacity">
    <a href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/metrics.ts#L78">
        function <strong>groupDesiredCapacity</strong>
    </a>
</h3>


<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>groupDesiredCapacity(change?: <a href='#AutoScalingMetricChange'>AutoScalingMetricChange</a>): <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/awsx/cloudwatch/#Metric'>Metric</a></code></pre>


The number of instances that the Auto Scaling group attempts to maintain.

<h3 class="pdoc-module-header" id="groupInServiceInstances" data-link-title="groupInServiceInstances">
    <a href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/metrics.ts#L86">
        function <strong>groupInServiceInstances</strong>
    </a>
</h3>


<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>groupInServiceInstances(change?: <a href='#AutoScalingMetricChange'>AutoScalingMetricChange</a>): <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/awsx/cloudwatch/#Metric'>Metric</a></code></pre>


The number of instances that are running as part of the Auto Scaling group. This metric does not
include instances that are pending or terminating.

<h3 class="pdoc-module-header" id="groupMaxSize" data-link-title="groupMaxSize">
    <a href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/metrics.ts#L71">
        function <strong>groupMaxSize</strong>
    </a>
</h3>


<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>groupMaxSize(change?: <a href='#AutoScalingMetricChange'>AutoScalingMetricChange</a>): <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/awsx/cloudwatch/#Metric'>Metric</a></code></pre>


The maximum size of the Auto Scaling group.

<h3 class="pdoc-module-header" id="groupMinSize" data-link-title="groupMinSize">
    <a href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/metrics.ts#L64">
        function <strong>groupMinSize</strong>
    </a>
</h3>


<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>groupMinSize(change?: <a href='#AutoScalingMetricChange'>AutoScalingMetricChange</a>): <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/awsx/cloudwatch/#Metric'>Metric</a></code></pre>


The minimum size of the Auto Scaling group.

<h3 class="pdoc-module-header" id="groupPendingInstances" data-link-title="groupPendingInstances">
    <a href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/metrics.ts#L94">
        function <strong>groupPendingInstances</strong>
    </a>
</h3>


<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>groupPendingInstances(change?: <a href='#AutoScalingMetricChange'>AutoScalingMetricChange</a>): <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/awsx/cloudwatch/#Metric'>Metric</a></code></pre>


The number of instances that are pending. A pending instance is not yet in service. This metric
does not include instances that are in service or terminating.

<h3 class="pdoc-module-header" id="groupStandbyInstances" data-link-title="groupStandbyInstances">
    <a href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/metrics.ts#L102">
        function <strong>groupStandbyInstances</strong>
    </a>
</h3>


<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>groupStandbyInstances(change?: <a href='#AutoScalingMetricChange'>AutoScalingMetricChange</a>): <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/awsx/cloudwatch/#Metric'>Metric</a></code></pre>


The number of instances that are in a Standby state. Instances in this state are still running
but are not actively in service.

<h3 class="pdoc-module-header" id="groupTerminatingInstances" data-link-title="groupTerminatingInstances">
    <a href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/metrics.ts#L110">
        function <strong>groupTerminatingInstances</strong>
    </a>
</h3>


<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>groupTerminatingInstances(change?: <a href='#AutoScalingMetricChange'>AutoScalingMetricChange</a>): <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/awsx/cloudwatch/#Metric'>Metric</a></code></pre>


The number of instances that are in the process of terminating. This metric does not include
instances that are in service or pending.

<h3 class="pdoc-module-header" id="groupTotalInstances" data-link-title="groupTotalInstances">
    <a href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/metrics.ts#L118">
        function <strong>groupTotalInstances</strong>
    </a>
</h3>


<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>groupTotalInstances(change?: <a href='#AutoScalingMetricChange'>AutoScalingMetricChange</a>): <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/awsx/cloudwatch/#Metric'>Metric</a></code></pre>


The total number of instances in the Auto Scaling group. This metric identifies the number of
instances that are in service, pending, and terminating.

<h3 class="pdoc-module-header" id="metric" data-link-title="metric">
    <a href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/metrics.ts#L48">
        function <strong>metric</strong>
    </a>
</h3>


<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>metric(metricName: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/aws/autoscaling/#Metric'>aws.autoscaling.Metric</a>, change: <a href='#AutoScalingMetricChange'>AutoScalingMetricChange</a>): <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/awsx/cloudwatch/#Metric'>Metric</a></code></pre>


Creates an AWS/AutoScaling metric with the requested [metricName]. See
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/viewing_metrics_with_cloudwatch.html for list
of all metric-names.

Note, individual metrics can easily be obtained without supplying the name using the other
[metricXXX] functions.

Amazon CloudWatch enables you to retrieve statistics as an ordered set of time-series data, known
as metrics. You can use these metrics to verify that your system is performing as expected.

Amazon EC2 sends metrics to CloudWatch that describe your Auto Scaling instances. These metrics
are available for any EC2 instance, not just those in an Auto Scaling group. For more
information, see Instance Metrics in the Amazon EC2 User Guide for Linux Instances.

Auto Scaling groups can send metrics to CloudWatch that describe the group itself. You must
enable these metrics.

To filter the metrics for your Auto Scaling group by group name, use the "AutoScalingGroupName"
dimension.


<h2 id="resources">Resources</h2>
<h3 class="pdoc-module-header" id="AutoScalingGroup" data-link-title="AutoScalingGroup">
    <a href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/autoscaling.ts#L26">
        Resource <strong>AutoScalingGroup</strong>
    </a>
</h3>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kr'>class</span> <span class='nx'>AutoScalingGroup</span> <span class='kr'>extends</span> <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#ComponentResource'>ComponentResource</a></code></pre>
<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingGroup-constructor">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/autoscaling.ts#L51"> <b>constructor</b></a>
</h4>


<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span><span class='kd'>new</span> AutoScalingGroup(name: <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>, args: <a href='#AutoScalingGroupArgs'>AutoScalingGroupArgs</a>, opts: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#ComponentResourceOptions'>ComponentResourceOptions</a>)</code></pre>

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingGroup-getProvider">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/autoscaling.ts#L26">method <b>getProvider</b></a>
</h4>


<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>getProvider(moduleMember: <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>): <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#ProviderResource'>ProviderResource</a> | <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/undefined'>undefined</a></span></code></pre>

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingGroup-isInstance">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/autoscaling.ts#L26">method <b>isInstance</b></a>
</h4>


<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'>static </span>isInstance(obj: <span class='kd'><a href='https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/basic-types.html#any'>any</a></span>): obj is <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#ComponentResource'>ComponentResource</a></code></pre>


Returns true if the given object is an instance of CustomResource.  This is designed to work even when
multiple copies of the Pulumi SDK have been loaded into the same process.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingGroup-registerOutputs">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/autoscaling.ts#L26">method <b>registerOutputs</b></a>
</h4>


<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'>protected </span>registerOutputs(outputs?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Inputs'>Inputs</a> | <a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise'>Promise</a>&lt;<a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Inputs'>Inputs</a>&gt; | <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Output'>Output</a>&lt;<a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Inputs'>Inputs</a>&gt;): <span class='kd'><a href='https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/basic-types.html#void'>void</a></span></code></pre>

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingGroup-scaleInSteps">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/autoscaling.ts#L208">method <b>scaleInSteps</b></a>
</h4>


<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'>public </span>scaleInSteps(name: <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>, args: <a href='#StepScalingPolicyArgs'>StepScalingPolicyArgs</a>, opts?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#ComponentResourceOptions'>pulumi.ComponentResourceOptions</a>): <a href='#StepScalingPolicy'>StepScalingPolicy</a></code></pre>


Creates a [StepScalingPolicy]  that increases or decreases the current capacity of this
AutoScalingGroup based on a set of scaling adjustments, known as step adjustments. The
adjustments vary based on the size of the alarm breach.

See [StepScalingPolicy] for more details.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingGroup-scaleOnSchedule">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/autoscaling.ts#L93">method <b>scaleOnSchedule</b></a>
</h4>


<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'>public </span>scaleOnSchedule(name: <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>, args: <a href='#ScheduleArgs'>ScheduleArgs</a>, opts: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#CustomResourceOptions'>CustomResourceOptions</a>): Schedule</code></pre>

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingGroup-scaleToTrackAverageCPUUtilization">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/autoscaling.ts#L147">method <b>scaleToTrackAverageCPUUtilization</b></a>
</h4>


<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'>public </span>scaleToTrackAverageCPUUtilization(name: <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>, args: <a href='#TargetTrackingPolicyArgs'>TargetTrackingPolicyArgs</a>, opts?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#ComponentResourceOptions'>pulumi.ComponentResourceOptions</a>): <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/aws/autoscaling/#Policy'>Policy</a></code></pre>


Scales in response to the average CPU utilization of the [AutoScalingGroup].

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingGroup-scaleToTrackAverageNetworkIn">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/autoscaling.ts#L158">method <b>scaleToTrackAverageNetworkIn</b></a>
</h4>


<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'>public </span>scaleToTrackAverageNetworkIn(name: <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>, args: <a href='#TargetTrackingPolicyArgs'>TargetTrackingPolicyArgs</a>, opts?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#ComponentResourceOptions'>pulumi.ComponentResourceOptions</a>): <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/aws/autoscaling/#Policy'>Policy</a></code></pre>


Scales in response to the average number of bytes received on all network interfaces by the
[AutoScalingGroup].

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingGroup-scaleToTrackAverageNetworkOut">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/autoscaling.ts#L169">method <b>scaleToTrackAverageNetworkOut</b></a>
</h4>


<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'>public </span>scaleToTrackAverageNetworkOut(name: <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>, args: <a href='#TargetTrackingPolicyArgs'>TargetTrackingPolicyArgs</a>, opts?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#ComponentResourceOptions'>pulumi.ComponentResourceOptions</a>): <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/aws/autoscaling/#Policy'>Policy</a></code></pre>


Scales in response to the average number of bytes sent out on all network interfaces by the
[AutoScalingGroup].

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingGroup-scaleToTrackMetric">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/autoscaling.ts#L140">method <b>scaleToTrackMetric</b></a>
</h4>


<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'>public </span>scaleToTrackMetric(name: <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>, args: <a href='#CustomMetricTargetTrackingPolicyArgs'>CustomMetricTargetTrackingPolicyArgs</a>, opts?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#ComponentResourceOptions'>pulumi.ComponentResourceOptions</a>): <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/aws/autoscaling/#Policy'>Policy</a></code></pre>


With target tracking scaling policies, you select a scaling metric and set a target value.
Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling creates and manages the CloudWatch alarms that trigger the scaling
policy and calculates the scaling adjustment based on the metric and the target value. The
scaling policy adds or removes capacity as required to keep the metric at, or close to, the
specified target value. In addition to keeping the metric close to the target value, a target
tracking scaling policy also adjusts to the changes in the metric due to a changing load
pattern.

For example, you can use target tracking scaling to:

* Configure a target tracking scaling policy to keep the average aggregate CPU utilization of
  your Auto Scaling group at 50 percent.

* Configure a target tracking scaling policy to keep the request count per target of your
  Elastic Load Balancing target group at 1000 for your Auto Scaling group.

We recommend that you scale on Amazon EC2 instance metrics with a 1-minute frequency because
that ensures a faster response to utilization changes. Scaling on metrics with a 5-minute
frequency can result in slower response times and scaling on stale metric data. By default,
Amazon EC2 instances are enabled for basic monitoring, which means metric data for instances
is available at 5-minute intervals. You can enable detailed monitoring to get metric data for
instances at 1-minute frequency. For more information, see
[Configure-Monitoring-for-Auto-Scaling-Instances](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/as-instance-monitoring.html#enable-as-instance-metrics).

See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/as-scaling-target-tracking.html for
more details.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingGroup-scaleToTrackRequestCountPerTarget">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/autoscaling.ts#L181">method <b>scaleToTrackRequestCountPerTarget</b></a>
</h4>


<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'>public </span>scaleToTrackRequestCountPerTarget(name: <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>, args: <a href='#ApplicationTargetGroupTrackingPolicyArgs'>ApplicationTargetGroupTrackingPolicyArgs</a>, opts?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#ComponentResourceOptions'>pulumi.ComponentResourceOptions</a>): <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/aws/autoscaling/#Policy'>Policy</a></code></pre>


Scales in response to the number of requests completed per target in an [TargetGroup].
[AutoScalingGroup].  These [TargetGroup]s must have been provided to the [AutoScalingGroup]
when constructed using [AutoScalingGroupArgs.targetGroups].

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingGroup-group">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/autoscaling.ts#L44">property <b>group</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'>public </span>group: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/aws/autoscaling/#Group'>Group</a>;</code></pre>

Underlying [autoscaling.Group] that is created by cloudformation.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingGroup-launchConfiguration">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/autoscaling.ts#L39">property <b>launchConfiguration</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'>public </span>launchConfiguration: <a href='#AutoScalingLaunchConfiguration'>AutoScalingLaunchConfiguration</a>;</code></pre>

The launch configuration for this auto scaling group.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingGroup-stack">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/autoscaling.ts#L34">property <b>stack</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'>public </span>stack: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/aws/cloudformation/#Stack'>Stack</a>;</code></pre>

The [cloudformation.Stack] that was used to create this [AutoScalingGroup].  [CloudFormation]
is used here as the existing AWS apis for creating [AutoScalingGroup]s are not rich enough to
express everything that can be configured through [CloudFormation] itself.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingGroup-targetGroups">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/autoscaling.ts#L51">property <b>targetGroups</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'>public </span>targetGroups: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/awsx/lb/#TargetGroup'>TargetGroup</a>[];</code></pre>

Target groups this [AutoScalingGroup] is attached to.  See
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/attach-load-balancer-asg.html
for more details.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingGroup-urn">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/autoscaling.ts#L26">property <b>urn</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>urn: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Output'>Output</a>&lt;<a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#URN'>URN</a>&gt;;</code></pre>

urn is the stable logical URN used to distinctly address a resource, both before and after
deployments.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingGroup-vpc">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/autoscaling.ts#L27">property <b>vpc</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'>public </span>vpc: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/awsx/ec2/#Vpc'>Vpc</a>;</code></pre>
<h3 class="pdoc-module-header" id="AutoScalingLaunchConfiguration" data-link-title="AutoScalingLaunchConfiguration">
    <a href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/launchConfiguration.ts#L22">
        Resource <strong>AutoScalingLaunchConfiguration</strong>
    </a>
</h3>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kr'>class</span> <span class='nx'>AutoScalingLaunchConfiguration</span> <span class='kr'>extends</span> <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#ComponentResource'>ComponentResource</a></code></pre>
<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingLaunchConfiguration-constructor">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/launchConfiguration.ts#L32"> <b>constructor</b></a>
</h4>


<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span><span class='kd'>new</span> AutoScalingLaunchConfiguration(name: <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>, vpc: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/awsx/ec2/#Vpc'>Vpc</a>, args: <a href='#AutoScalingLaunchConfigurationArgs'>AutoScalingLaunchConfigurationArgs</a>, opts: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#ComponentResourceOptions'>ComponentResourceOptions</a>)</code></pre>

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingLaunchConfiguration-createInstanceProfile">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/launchConfiguration.ts#L95">method <b>createInstanceProfile</b></a>
</h4>


<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'>public static </span>createInstanceProfile(name: <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>, assumeRolePolicy?: <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span> | <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/aws/iam/#PolicyDocument'>PolicyDocument</a>, policyArns?: <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>[], opts?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#ComponentResourceOptions'>pulumi.ComponentResourceOptions</a>): <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/aws/iam/#InstanceProfile'>InstanceProfile</a></code></pre>


Creates the [instanceProfile] for a [ClusterAutoScalingLaunchConfiguration] if not provided
explicitly. If [assumeRolePolicy] is provided it will be used when creating the task,
otherwise [defaultInstanceProfilePolicyDocument] will be used.  If [policyArns] are provided,
they will be used to create [RolePolicyAttachment]s for the Role.  Otherwise,
[defaultInstanceProfilePolicyARNs] will be used.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingLaunchConfiguration-defaultInstanceProfilePolicyARNs">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/launchConfiguration.ts#L84">method <b>defaultInstanceProfilePolicyARNs</b></a>
</h4>


<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'>public static </span>defaultInstanceProfilePolicyARNs(): <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>[]</code></pre>

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingLaunchConfiguration-defaultInstanceProfilePolicyDocument">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/launchConfiguration.ts#L69">method <b>defaultInstanceProfilePolicyDocument</b></a>
</h4>


<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'>public static </span>defaultInstanceProfilePolicyDocument(): <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/aws/iam/#PolicyDocument'>PolicyDocument</a></code></pre>

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingLaunchConfiguration-getProvider">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/launchConfiguration.ts#L22">method <b>getProvider</b></a>
</h4>


<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>getProvider(moduleMember: <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>): <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#ProviderResource'>ProviderResource</a> | <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/undefined'>undefined</a></span></code></pre>

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingLaunchConfiguration-isInstance">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/launchConfiguration.ts#L22">method <b>isInstance</b></a>
</h4>


<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'>static </span>isInstance(obj: <span class='kd'><a href='https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/basic-types.html#any'>any</a></span>): obj is <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#ComponentResource'>ComponentResource</a></code></pre>


Returns true if the given object is an instance of CustomResource.  This is designed to work even when
multiple copies of the Pulumi SDK have been loaded into the same process.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingLaunchConfiguration-registerOutputs">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/launchConfiguration.ts#L22">method <b>registerOutputs</b></a>
</h4>


<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'>protected </span>registerOutputs(outputs?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Inputs'>Inputs</a> | <a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise'>Promise</a>&lt;<a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Inputs'>Inputs</a>&gt; | <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Output'>Output</a>&lt;<a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Inputs'>Inputs</a>&gt;): <span class='kd'><a href='https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/basic-types.html#void'>void</a></span></code></pre>

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingLaunchConfiguration-id">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/launchConfiguration.ts#L24">property <b>id</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'>public </span>id: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Output'>pulumi.Output</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>&gt;;</code></pre>
<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingLaunchConfiguration-instanceProfile">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/launchConfiguration.ts#L27">property <b>instanceProfile</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'>public </span>instanceProfile: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/aws/iam/#InstanceProfile'>InstanceProfile</a>;</code></pre>
<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingLaunchConfiguration-launchConfiguration">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/launchConfiguration.ts#L23">property <b>launchConfiguration</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'>public </span>launchConfiguration: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/aws/ec2/#LaunchConfiguration'>LaunchConfiguration</a>;</code></pre>
<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingLaunchConfiguration-securityGroups">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/launchConfiguration.ts#L25">property <b>securityGroups</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'>public </span>securityGroups: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/awsx/ec2/#SecurityGroup'>SecurityGroup</a>[];</code></pre>
<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingLaunchConfiguration-stackName">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/launchConfiguration.ts#L32">property <b>stackName</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'>public </span>stackName: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Output'>pulumi.Output</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>&gt;;</code></pre>

Name to give the auto-scaling-group's cloudformation stack name.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingLaunchConfiguration-urn">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/launchConfiguration.ts#L22">property <b>urn</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>urn: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Output'>Output</a>&lt;<a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#URN'>URN</a>&gt;;</code></pre>

urn is the stable logical URN used to distinctly address a resource, both before and after
deployments.

<h3 class="pdoc-module-header" id="StepScalingPolicy" data-link-title="StepScalingPolicy">
    <a href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/stepScaling.ts#L190">
        Resource <strong>StepScalingPolicy</strong>
    </a>
</h3>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kr'>class</span> <span class='nx'>StepScalingPolicy</span> <span class='kr'>extends</span> <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#ComponentResource'>ComponentResource</a></code></pre>

Step scaling policies increase or decrease the current capacity of your Auto Scaling group based
on a set of scaling adjustments, known as step adjustments. The adjustments vary based on the
size of the alarm breach.

For example, consider the following StepScaling description for an ASG that has both a current
capacity and a desired capacity of 10. The current and desired capacity is maintained while the
aggregated metric value is greater than 40 and less than 60.

```ts
 const policy = {
     // ... other values
     adjustmentType: "PercentChangeInCapacity",
     steps: {
         upper: [{ value: 60, adjustment: 10 }, { value: 70, adjustment: 30 }],
         lower: [{ value: 40, adjustment: -10 }, { value: 30, adjustment: -30 }]
     },
 };
```

If the metric value gets to 60, Application Auto Scaling increases the desired capacity of the
group by 1, to 11. That's based on the second step adjustment of the scale-out policy (add 10
percent of 10). After the new capacity is added, Application Auto Scaling increases the current
capacity to 11. If the metric value rises to 70 even after this increase in capacity, Application
Auto Scaling increases the target capacity by 3, to 14. That's based on the third step adjustment
of the scale-out policy (add 30 percent of 11, 3.3, rounded down to 3).

If the metric value gets to 40, Application Auto Scaling decreases the target capacity by 1, to
13, based on the second step adjustment of the scale-in policy (remove 10 percent of 14, 1.4,
rounded down to 1). If the metric value falls to 30 even after this decrease in capacity,
Application Auto Scaling decreases the target capacity by 3, to 10, based on the third step
adjustment of the scale-in policy (remove 30 percent of 13, 3.9, rounded down to 3).

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="StepScalingPolicy-constructor">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/stepScaling.ts#L211"> <b>constructor</b></a>
</h4>


<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span><span class='kd'>new</span> StepScalingPolicy(name: <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>, group: <a href='#AutoScalingGroup'>AutoScalingGroup</a>, args: <a href='#StepScalingPolicyArgs'>StepScalingPolicyArgs</a>, opts: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#ComponentResourceOptions'>ComponentResourceOptions</a>)</code></pre>

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="StepScalingPolicy-getProvider">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/stepScaling.ts#L190">method <b>getProvider</b></a>
</h4>


<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>getProvider(moduleMember: <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>): <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#ProviderResource'>ProviderResource</a> | <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/undefined'>undefined</a></span></code></pre>

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="StepScalingPolicy-isInstance">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/stepScaling.ts#L190">method <b>isInstance</b></a>
</h4>


<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'>static </span>isInstance(obj: <span class='kd'><a href='https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/basic-types.html#any'>any</a></span>): obj is <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#ComponentResource'>ComponentResource</a></code></pre>


Returns true if the given object is an instance of CustomResource.  This is designed to work even when
multiple copies of the Pulumi SDK have been loaded into the same process.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="StepScalingPolicy-registerOutputs">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/stepScaling.ts#L190">method <b>registerOutputs</b></a>
</h4>


<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'>protected </span>registerOutputs(outputs?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Inputs'>Inputs</a> | <a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise'>Promise</a>&lt;<a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Inputs'>Inputs</a>&gt; | <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Output'>Output</a>&lt;<a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Inputs'>Inputs</a>&gt;): <span class='kd'><a href='https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/basic-types.html#void'>void</a></span></code></pre>

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="StepScalingPolicy-lowerAlarm">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/stepScaling.ts#L211">property <b>lowerAlarm</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'>public </span>lowerAlarm: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/aws/cloudwatch/#MetricAlarm'>MetricAlarm</a> | <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/undefined'>undefined</a></span>;</code></pre>

Alarm that invokes [lowerPolicy] when the metric goes below the highest value of the lower
range of steps.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="StepScalingPolicy-lowerPolicy">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/stepScaling.ts#L205">property <b>lowerPolicy</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'>public </span>lowerPolicy: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/aws/autoscaling/#Policy'>Policy</a> | <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/undefined'>undefined</a></span>;</code></pre>

Underlying [Policy] created to define the scaling strategy for the lower set of steps.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="StepScalingPolicy-upperAlarm">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/stepScaling.ts#L200">property <b>upperAlarm</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'>public </span>upperAlarm: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/aws/cloudwatch/#MetricAlarm'>MetricAlarm</a> | <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/undefined'>undefined</a></span>;</code></pre>

Alarm that invokes [upperPolicy] when the metric goes above the lowest value of the upper
range of steps.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="StepScalingPolicy-upperPolicy">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/stepScaling.ts#L194">property <b>upperPolicy</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'>public </span>upperPolicy: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/aws/autoscaling/#Policy'>Policy</a> | <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/undefined'>undefined</a></span>;</code></pre>

Underlying [Policy] created to define the scaling strategy for the upper set of steps.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="StepScalingPolicy-urn">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/stepScaling.ts#L190">property <b>urn</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>urn: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Output'>Output</a>&lt;<a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#URN'>URN</a>&gt;;</code></pre>

urn is the stable logical URN used to distinctly address a resource, both before and after
deployments.



<h2 id="apis">Others</h2>
<h3 class="pdoc-module-header" id="AdjustmentType" data-link-title="AdjustmentType">
    <a href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/stepScaling.ts#L23">
        type <strong>AdjustmentType</strong>
    </a>
</h3>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'>type</span> AdjustmentType = <span class='s2'>"ChangeInCapacity"</span> | <span class='s2'>"ExactCapacity"</span> | <span class='s2'>"PercentChangeInCapacity"</span>;</code></pre>
<h3 class="pdoc-module-header" id="ApplicationTargetGroupTrackingPolicyArgs" data-link-title="ApplicationTargetGroupTrackingPolicyArgs">
    <a href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/targetTracking.ts#L59">
        interface <strong>ApplicationTargetGroupTrackingPolicyArgs</strong>
    </a>
</h3>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kr'>interface</span> <span class='nx'>ApplicationTargetGroupTrackingPolicyArgs</span> <span class='kr'>extends</span> <a href='#TargetTrackingPolicyArgs'>TargetTrackingPolicyArgs</a></code></pre>
<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="ApplicationTargetGroupTrackingPolicyArgs-disableScaleIn">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/targetTracking.ts#L51">property <b>disableScaleIn</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>disableScaleIn?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean'>boolean</a></span>&gt;;</code></pre>

Indicates whether scaling in by the target tracking scaling policy is disabled. If scaling in
is disabled, the target tracking scaling policy doesn't remove instances from the Auto
Scaling group. Otherwise, the target tracking scaling policy can remove instances from the
Auto Scaling group.  Defaults to [false] if unspecified.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="ApplicationTargetGroupTrackingPolicyArgs-estimatedInstanceWarmup">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/targetTracking.ts#L43">property <b>estimatedInstanceWarmup</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>estimatedInstanceWarmup?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number'>number</a></span>&gt;;</code></pre>

The estimated time, in seconds, until a newly launched instance will contribute CloudWatch
metrics. Without a value, AWS will default to the group's specified cooldown period.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="ApplicationTargetGroupTrackingPolicyArgs-targetGroup">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/targetTracking.ts#L65">property <b>targetGroup</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>targetGroup: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/awsx/lb/#ApplicationTargetGroup'>ApplicationTargetGroup</a>;</code></pre>

The target group to scale [AutoScalingGroup] in response to number of requests to.
This must be a [TargetGroup] that the [AutoScalingGroup] was created with.  These can
be provided to the [AutoScalingGroup] using [AutoScalingGroupArgs.targetGroups].

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="ApplicationTargetGroupTrackingPolicyArgs-targetValue">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/targetTracking.ts#L56">property <b>targetValue</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>targetValue: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number'>number</a></span>&gt;;</code></pre>

The target value for the metric.

<h3 class="pdoc-module-header" id="AutoScalingGroupArgs" data-link-title="AutoScalingGroupArgs">
    <a href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/autoscaling.ts#L296">
        interface <strong>AutoScalingGroupArgs</strong>
    </a>
</h3>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kr'>interface</span> <span class='nx'>AutoScalingGroupArgs</span></code></pre>
<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingGroupArgs-disableRollback">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/autoscaling.ts#L347">property <b>disableRollback</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>disableRollback?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean'>boolean</a></span>&gt;;</code></pre>

Set to true to disable rollback of the underlying aws.cloudformation.Stack if that Stack
creation failed.  Defaults to 'false'.  Conflicts with `onFailure`.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingGroupArgs-launchConfiguration">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/autoscaling.ts#L318">property <b>launchConfiguration</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>launchConfiguration?: <a href='#AutoScalingLaunchConfiguration'>AutoScalingLaunchConfiguration</a>;</code></pre>

The config to use when creating the auto scaling group.

[launchConfiguration] or [launchConfigurationArgs] can be provided.  And, if either are
provided will be used as the launch configuration for the auto scaling group.

If neither are provided, a default instance will be create by calling
[cluster.createAutoScalingConfig()].

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingGroupArgs-launchConfigurationArgs">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/autoscaling.ts#L329">property <b>launchConfigurationArgs</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>launchConfigurationArgs?: <a href='#AutoScalingLaunchConfigurationArgs'>AutoScalingLaunchConfigurationArgs</a>;</code></pre>

The config to use when creating the auto scaling group.

[launchConfiguration] or [launchConfigurationArgs] can be provided.  And, if either are
provided will be used as the launch configuration for the auto scaling group.

If neither are provided, a default instance will be create by calling
[cluster.createAutoScalingConfig()].

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingGroupArgs-onFailure">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/autoscaling.ts#L353">property <b>onFailure</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>onFailure?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='s2'>"DO_NOTHING"</span> | <span class='s2'>"ROLLBACK"</span> | <span class='s2'>"DELETE"</span>&gt;;</code></pre>

Action to be taken if stack creation fails. This must be
one of: `DO_NOTHING`, `ROLLBACK`, or `DELETE`. Conflicts with `disableRollback`.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingGroupArgs-subnetIds">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/autoscaling.ts#L307">property <b>subnetIds</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>subnetIds?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>&gt;[];</code></pre>

The subnets to use for the autoscaling group.  If not provided, the `private` subnets of
the `vpc` will be used.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingGroupArgs-targetGroups">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/autoscaling.ts#L341">property <b>targetGroups</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>targetGroups?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/awsx/lb/#TargetGroup'>TargetGroup</a>[];</code></pre>

A list of target groups to associate with the Auto Scaling group.  All target groups must
have the "instance" [targetType].

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingGroupArgs-templateParameters">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/autoscaling.ts#L335">property <b>templateParameters</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>templateParameters?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<a href='#TemplateParameters'>TemplateParameters</a>&gt;;</code></pre>

Parameters to control the cloud formation stack template that is created.  If not provided
the defaults specified in TemplateParameters will be used.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingGroupArgs-vpc">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/autoscaling.ts#L301">property <b>vpc</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>vpc?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/awsx/ec2/#Vpc'>x.ec2.Vpc</a>;</code></pre>

The vpc this autoscaling group is for.  If not provided this autoscaling group will be
created for the default vpc.

<h3 class="pdoc-module-header" id="AutoScalingLaunchConfigurationArgs" data-link-title="AutoScalingLaunchConfigurationArgs">
    <a href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/launchConfiguration.ts#L277">
        interface <strong>AutoScalingLaunchConfigurationArgs</strong>
    </a>
</h3>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kr'>interface</span> <span class='nx'>AutoScalingLaunchConfigurationArgs</span></code></pre>

The set of arguments when creating the launch configuration for a cluster's autoscaling group.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingLaunchConfigurationArgs-associatePublicIpAddress">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/launchConfiguration.ts#L283">property <b>associatePublicIpAddress</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>associatePublicIpAddress?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean'>boolean</a></span>&gt;;</code></pre>

Associate a public ip address with an instance in a VPC.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingLaunchConfigurationArgs-ebsBlockDevices">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/launchConfiguration.ts#L406">property <b>ebsBlockDevices</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>ebsBlockDevices?: <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/undefined'>undefined</a></span> | LaunchConfigurationEbsBlockDevice | <a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise'>Promise</a>&lt;LaunchConfigurationEbsBlockDevice&gt; | <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#OutputInstance'>OutputInstance</a>&lt;LaunchConfigurationEbsBlockDevice&gt;[] | <a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise'>Promise</a>&lt;LaunchConfigurationEbsBlockDevice | <a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise'>Promise</a>&lt;LaunchConfigurationEbsBlockDevice&gt; | <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#OutputInstance'>OutputInstance</a>&lt;LaunchConfigurationEbsBlockDevice&gt;[]&gt; | <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#OutputInstance'>OutputInstance</a>&lt;LaunchConfigurationEbsBlockDevice | <a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise'>Promise</a>&lt;LaunchConfigurationEbsBlockDevice&gt; | <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#OutputInstance'>OutputInstance</a>&lt;LaunchConfigurationEbsBlockDevice&gt;[]&gt;;</code></pre>

Additional EBS block devices to attach to the instance.  See Block Devices below for details.

If not provided, a 5gb 'gp2' device will be mounted at '/dev/xvdb' and a 50gb 'gp2' device
will be mounted at '/dev/xvdcz'.  Both devices will be deleted upon termination.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingLaunchConfigurationArgs-ebsOptimized">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/launchConfiguration.ts#L288">property <b>ebsOptimized</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>ebsOptimized?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean'>boolean</a></span>&gt;;</code></pre>

If true, the launched EC2 instance will be EBS-optimized.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingLaunchConfigurationArgs-ecsOptimizedAMIName">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/launchConfiguration.ts#L377">property <b>ecsOptimizedAMIName</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>ecsOptimizedAMIName?: <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/undefined'>undefined</a></span> | <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>;</code></pre>

The name of the ECS-optimzed AMI to use for the Container Instances in this cluster, e.g.
"amzn-ami-2017.09.l-amazon-ecs-optimized". Defaults to using the latest recommended ECS Linux
Optimized AMI, which may change over time and cause recreation of EC2 instances when new
versions are release. To control when these changes are adopted, set this parameter
explicitly to the version you would like to use.

See http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/ecs-optimized_AMI.html for
valid values.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingLaunchConfigurationArgs-enableMonitoring">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/launchConfiguration.ts#L293">property <b>enableMonitoring</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>enableMonitoring?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean'>boolean</a></span>&gt;;</code></pre>

Enables/disables detailed monitoring. This is enabled by default.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingLaunchConfigurationArgs-ephemeralBlockDevices">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/launchConfiguration.ts#L299">property <b>ephemeralBlockDevices</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>ephemeralBlockDevices?: <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/undefined'>undefined</a></span> | LaunchConfigurationEphemeralBlockDevice | <a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise'>Promise</a>&lt;LaunchConfigurationEphemeralBlockDevice&gt; | <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#OutputInstance'>OutputInstance</a>&lt;LaunchConfigurationEphemeralBlockDevice&gt;[] | <a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise'>Promise</a>&lt;LaunchConfigurationEphemeralBlockDevice | <a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise'>Promise</a>&lt;LaunchConfigurationEphemeralBlockDevice&gt; | <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#OutputInstance'>OutputInstance</a>&lt;LaunchConfigurationEphemeralBlockDevice&gt;[]&gt; | <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#OutputInstance'>OutputInstance</a>&lt;LaunchConfigurationEphemeralBlockDevice | <a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise'>Promise</a>&lt;LaunchConfigurationEphemeralBlockDevice&gt; | <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#OutputInstance'>OutputInstance</a>&lt;LaunchConfigurationEphemeralBlockDevice&gt;[]&gt;;</code></pre>

Customize Ephemeral (also known as
"Instance Store") volumes on the instance. See Block Devices below for details.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingLaunchConfigurationArgs-iamInstanceProfile">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/launchConfiguration.ts#L305">property <b>iamInstanceProfile</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>iamInstanceProfile?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span> | <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/aws/iam/#InstanceProfile'>InstanceProfile</a>&gt;;</code></pre>

The name attribute of the IAM instance profile to associate
with launched instances.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingLaunchConfigurationArgs-imageId">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/launchConfiguration.ts#L365">property <b>imageId</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>imageId?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>&gt;;</code></pre>

The EC2 image ID to launch.  If this is not provided, then [ecsOptimizedAMIName] will be
used. If neither are provided the imageId for Amazon'
`"/aws/service/ecs/optimized-ami/amazon-linux/recommended"` image will be used.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingLaunchConfigurationArgs-instanceProfile">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/launchConfiguration.ts#L358">property <b>instanceProfile</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>instanceProfile?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/aws/iam/#InstanceProfile'>aws.iam.InstanceProfile</a>;</code></pre>

The instance profile to use for the autoscaling group.  If not provided, a default one will
be created.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingLaunchConfigurationArgs-instanceType">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/launchConfiguration.ts#L382">property <b>instanceType</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>instanceType?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/aws/ec2/#InstanceType'>aws.ec2.InstanceType</a>&gt;;</code></pre>

The size of instance to launch.  Defaults to t2.micro if unspecified.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingLaunchConfigurationArgs-keyName">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/launchConfiguration.ts#L310">property <b>keyName</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>keyName?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>&gt;;</code></pre>

The key name that should be used for the instance.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingLaunchConfigurationArgs-name">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/launchConfiguration.ts#L316">property <b>name</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>name?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>&gt;;</code></pre>

The name of the launch configuration. If you leave
this blank, Terraform will auto-generate a unique name.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingLaunchConfigurationArgs-namePrefix">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/launchConfiguration.ts#L322">property <b>namePrefix</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>namePrefix?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>&gt;;</code></pre>

Creates a unique name beginning with the specified
prefix. Conflicts with `name`.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingLaunchConfigurationArgs-placementTenancy">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/launchConfiguration.ts#L389">property <b>placementTenancy</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>placementTenancy?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='s2'>"default"</span> | <span class='s2'>"dedicated"</span>&gt;;</code></pre>

The tenancy of the instance. Valid values are `"default"` or `"dedicated"`, see
http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AutoScaling/latest/APIReference/API_CreateLaunchConfiguration.html
for more details.  Default is "default" if unspecified.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingLaunchConfigurationArgs-rootBlockDevice">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/launchConfiguration.ts#L398">property <b>rootBlockDevice</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>rootBlockDevice?: <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/undefined'>undefined</a></span> | LaunchConfigurationRootBlockDevice | <a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise'>Promise</a>&lt;LaunchConfigurationRootBlockDevice&gt; | <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#OutputInstance'>OutputInstance</a>&lt;LaunchConfigurationRootBlockDevice&gt;;</code></pre>

Customize details about the root block device of the instance. See Block Devices below for
details.

If not provided, an 8gb 'gp2' root device will be created.  This device will be deleted upon
termination.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingLaunchConfigurationArgs-securityGroups">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/launchConfiguration.ts#L413">property <b>securityGroups</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>securityGroups?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/awsx/ec2/#SecurityGroupOrId'>x.ec2.SecurityGroupOrId</a>[];</code></pre>

A list of associated security group IDs.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingLaunchConfigurationArgs-spotPrice">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/launchConfiguration.ts#L327">property <b>spotPrice</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>spotPrice?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>&gt;;</code></pre>

The maximum price to use for reserving spot instances.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingLaunchConfigurationArgs-stackName">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/launchConfiguration.ts#L352">property <b>stackName</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>stackName?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>&gt;;</code></pre>

The name of the stack the launch configuration will signal.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingLaunchConfigurationArgs-userData">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/launchConfiguration.ts#L418">property <b>userData</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>userData?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>&gt; | <a href='#AutoScalingUserData'>AutoScalingUserData</a>;</code></pre>

The user data to provide when launching the instance. Do not pass gzip-compressed data via this argument; see `user_data_base64` instead.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingLaunchConfigurationArgs-userDataBase64">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/launchConfiguration.ts#L335">property <b>userDataBase64</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>userDataBase64?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>&gt;;</code></pre>

Can be used instead of `user_data` to pass base64-encoded binary data directly. Use this
instead of `user_data` whenever the value is not a valid UTF-8 string. For example,
gzip-encoded user data must be base64-encoded and passed via this argument to avoid
corruption.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingLaunchConfigurationArgs-vpcClassicLinkId">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/launchConfiguration.ts#L340">property <b>vpcClassicLinkId</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>vpcClassicLinkId?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>&gt;;</code></pre>

The ID of a ClassicLink-enabled VPC. Only applies to EC2-Classic instances. (eg. `vpc-2730681a`)

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingLaunchConfigurationArgs-vpcClassicLinkSecurityGroups">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/launchConfiguration.ts#L345">property <b>vpcClassicLinkSecurityGroups</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>vpcClassicLinkSecurityGroups?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>&gt;[]&gt;;</code></pre>

The IDs of one or more security groups for the specified ClassicLink-enabled VPC (eg. `sg-46ae3d11`).

<h3 class="pdoc-module-header" id="AutoScalingUserData" data-link-title="AutoScalingUserData">
    <a href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/launchConfiguration.ts#L421">
        interface <strong>AutoScalingUserData</strong>
    </a>
</h3>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kr'>interface</span> <span class='nx'>AutoScalingUserData</span></code></pre>
<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingUserData-extraBootcmdLines">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/launchConfiguration.ts#L430">method <b>extraBootcmdLines</b></a>
</h4>


<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>extraBootcmdLines(): <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<a href='#UserDataLine'>UserDataLine</a>[]&gt;</code></pre>


Additional lines to be placed in the `bootcmd` section of the launch configuration.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="AutoScalingUserData-extraRuncmdLines">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/launchConfiguration.ts#L425">method <b>extraRuncmdLines</b></a>
</h4>


<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>extraRuncmdLines(): <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<a href='#UserDataLine'>UserDataLine</a>[]&gt;</code></pre>


Additional lines to be placed in the `runcmd` section of the launch configuration.

<h3 class="pdoc-module-header" id="cronExpression" data-link-title="cronExpression">
    <a href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/schedule.ts#L22">
        function <strong>cronExpression</strong>
    </a>
</h3>


<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>cronExpression(a: <a href='#ScheduleRecurrenceArgs'>ScheduleRecurrenceArgs</a>): <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span></code></pre>


Creates an appropriate [Cron](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cron) format string that can be
used as the [recurrence] property of [ScheduleArgs].

<h3 class="pdoc-module-header" id="CustomMetricTargetTrackingPolicyArgs" data-link-title="CustomMetricTargetTrackingPolicyArgs">
    <a href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/targetTracking.ts#L102">
        interface <strong>CustomMetricTargetTrackingPolicyArgs</strong>
    </a>
</h3>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kr'>interface</span> <span class='nx'>CustomMetricTargetTrackingPolicyArgs</span> <span class='kr'>extends</span> <a href='#TargetTrackingPolicyArgs'>TargetTrackingPolicyArgs</a></code></pre>

Represents a CloudWatch metric of your choosing for a target tracking scaling policy to use with
Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling.

To create your customized metric specification:

 * Add values for each required parameter from CloudWatch. You can use an existing metric, or a
   new metric that you create. To use your own metric, you must first publish the metric to
   CloudWatch. For more information, see
   [Publish-Custom-Metrics](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/monitoring/publishingMetrics.html)
   in the Amazon CloudWatch User Guide.

 * Choose a metric that changes proportionally with capacity. The value of the metric should
   increase or decrease in inverse proportion to the number of capacity units. That is, the value
   of the metric should decrease when capacity increases.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="CustomMetricTargetTrackingPolicyArgs-disableScaleIn">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/targetTracking.ts#L51">property <b>disableScaleIn</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>disableScaleIn?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean'>boolean</a></span>&gt;;</code></pre>

Indicates whether scaling in by the target tracking scaling policy is disabled. If scaling in
is disabled, the target tracking scaling policy doesn't remove instances from the Auto
Scaling group. Otherwise, the target tracking scaling policy can remove instances from the
Auto Scaling group.  Defaults to [false] if unspecified.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="CustomMetricTargetTrackingPolicyArgs-estimatedInstanceWarmup">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/targetTracking.ts#L43">property <b>estimatedInstanceWarmup</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>estimatedInstanceWarmup?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number'>number</a></span>&gt;;</code></pre>

The estimated time, in seconds, until a newly launched instance will contribute CloudWatch
metrics. Without a value, AWS will default to the group's specified cooldown period.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="CustomMetricTargetTrackingPolicyArgs-metric">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/targetTracking.ts#L104">property <b>metric</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>metric: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/awsx/cloudwatch/#Metric'>Metric</a>;</code></pre>

The metric to track

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="CustomMetricTargetTrackingPolicyArgs-targetValue">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/targetTracking.ts#L56">property <b>targetValue</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>targetValue: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number'>number</a></span>&gt;;</code></pre>

The target value for the metric.

<h3 class="pdoc-module-header" id="DayOfWeek" data-link-title="DayOfWeek">
    <a href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/schedule.ts#L89">
        type <strong>DayOfWeek</strong>
    </a>
</h3>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'>type</span> DayOfWeek = <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number'>number</a></span> | <span class='s2'>"Monday"</span> | <span class='s2'>"Tuesday"</span> | <span class='s2'>"Wednesday"</span> | <span class='s2'>"Thursday"</span> | <span class='s2'>"Friday"</span> | <span class='s2'>"Saturday"</span> | <span class='s2'>"Sunday"</span>;</code></pre>

If a number, it must be between 0 to 7 (inclusive).  (0 and 7 both represent Sunday). Leave
undefined to indicate no specific value.

<h3 class="pdoc-module-header" id="Month" data-link-title="Month">
    <a href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/schedule.ts#L95">
        type <strong>Month</strong>
    </a>
</h3>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'>type</span> Month = <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number'>number</a></span> | <span class='s2'>"January"</span> | <span class='s2'>"February"</span> | <span class='s2'>"March"</span> | <span class='s2'>"April"</span> | <span class='s2'>"May"</span> | <span class='s2'>"June"</span> | <span class='s2'>"July"</span> | <span class='s2'>"August"</span> | <span class='s2'>"September"</span> | <span class='s2'>"October"</span> | <span class='s2'>"November"</span> | <span class='s2'>"December"</span>;</code></pre>

If a number, it must be between 1 to 12 (inclusive).  Leave undefined to indicate no specific
value.

<h3 class="pdoc-module-header" id="ScalingStep" data-link-title="ScalingStep">
    <a href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/stepScaling.ts#L99">
        interface <strong>ScalingStep</strong>
    </a>
</h3>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kr'>interface</span> <span class='nx'>ScalingStep</span></code></pre>
<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="ScalingStep-adjustment">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/stepScaling.ts#L111">property <b>adjustment</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>adjustment: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number'>number</a></span>&gt;;</code></pre>

The number of members by which to scale, when [value] breached. A
positive value scales up. A negative value scales down.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="ScalingStep-value">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/stepScaling.ts#L105">property <b>value</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>value: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number'>number</a></span>&gt;;</code></pre>

The threshold value that causes this step to be followed.  If this an `upperStep` then values
`>=` to this will trigger this step's [scalingAdjustment].  If this is a `lowerStep` then
values `<=` to this will trigger this step's [scalingAdjustment].

<h3 class="pdoc-module-header" id="ScalingSteps" data-link-title="ScalingSteps">
    <a href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/stepScaling.ts#L65">
        interface <strong>ScalingSteps</strong>
    </a>
</h3>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kr'>interface</span> <span class='nx'>ScalingSteps</span></code></pre>
<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="ScalingSteps-lower">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/stepScaling.ts#L96">property <b>lower</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>lower?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<a href='#ScalingStep'>ScalingStep</a>&gt;[];</code></pre>

Optional lower steps for this step policy normally used to describe how to scale-in the
AutoScalingGroup.  If these are provided then the step policy will create two alarms.  One
for when the upper steps are breached and one for when the lower steps are breached.

The latter alarm will fire when the desired metric goes less-than-or-equal-to the value of
the first step's `value`.  Each step ranges from it's `value` (inclusive) to the `value` of
the next step (exclusive).  For the last step, the end part of the range is `-Infinity`.

Depending on which step range the alarm triggers for will determine which particular
[scalingAdjustment] will be performed.

At least one of `upper` or `lower` must be non-empty.  If both are provided, `upper` and
`lower` must not overlap.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="ScalingSteps-upper">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/stepScaling.ts#L79">property <b>upper</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>upper?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<a href='#ScalingStep'>ScalingStep</a>&gt;[];</code></pre>

Optional upper steps for this policy normally describing how to scale-out the
AutoScalingGroup. This must be non-empty.  An alarm will be created that will fire when the
desired metric goes greater-than-or-equal-to the value of the first step's `value`.  Each
step ranges from it's `value` (inclusive) to the `value` of the next step (exclusive).  For
the last step, the end part of the range is `Infinity`.

Depending on which step range the alarm triggers for will determine which particular
[scalingAdjustment] will be performed.

At least one of `upper` or `lower` must be non-empty.  If both are provided, `upper` and
`lower` must not overlap.

<h3 class="pdoc-module-header" id="ScheduleArgs" data-link-title="ScheduleArgs">
    <a href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/schedule.ts#L116">
        interface <strong>ScheduleArgs</strong>
    </a>
</h3>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kr'>interface</span> <span class='nx'>ScheduleArgs</span></code></pre>
<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="ScheduleArgs-desiredCapacity">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/schedule.ts#L126">property <b>desiredCapacity</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>desiredCapacity?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number'>number</a></span>&gt;;</code></pre>

The number of EC2 instances that should be running in the group. Do not pass a value if you don't want to change
the size at the scheduled time.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="ScheduleArgs-endTime">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/schedule.ts#L132">property <b>endTime</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>endTime?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>&gt;;</code></pre>

The time for this action to end, in "YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ssZ" format in UTC/GMT only (for
example, 2014-06-01T00:00:00Z ). If you try to schedule your action in the past, Auto Scaling
returns an error message.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="ScheduleArgs-maxSize">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/schedule.ts#L137">property <b>maxSize</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>maxSize?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number'>number</a></span>&gt;;</code></pre>

The maximum size for the Auto Scaling group. Do not pass a value if you don't want to change
the size at the scheduled time.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="ScheduleArgs-minSize">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/schedule.ts#L142">property <b>minSize</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>minSize?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number'>number</a></span>&gt;;</code></pre>

The minimum size for the Auto Scaling group. Do not pass a value if you don't want to change
the size at the scheduled time.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="ScheduleArgs-recurrence">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/schedule.ts#L148">property <b>recurrence</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>recurrence?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span> | <a href='#ScheduleRecurrenceArgs'>ScheduleRecurrenceArgs</a>&gt;;</code></pre>

The time when recurring future actions will start. Start time is specified by the user
following the Unix cron syntax format. [cronExpression] can be used to easily create values
of this.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="ScheduleArgs-scheduledActionName">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/schedule.ts#L121">property <b>scheduledActionName</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>scheduledActionName?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>&gt;;</code></pre>

The name of this scaling action.  If not provided, the name of the requested
[aws.autoscaling.Schedule] will be used for this.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="ScheduleArgs-startTime">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/schedule.ts#L154">property <b>startTime</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>startTime?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>&gt;;</code></pre>

The time for this action to start, in "YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ssZ" format in UTC/GMT only (for
example, 2014-06-01T00:00:00Z ). If you try to schedule your action in the past, Auto Scaling
returns an error message.

<h3 class="pdoc-module-header" id="ScheduleRecurrenceArgs" data-link-title="ScheduleRecurrenceArgs">
    <a href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/schedule.ts#L99">
        interface <strong>ScheduleRecurrenceArgs</strong>
    </a>
</h3>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kr'>interface</span> <span class='nx'>ScheduleRecurrenceArgs</span></code></pre>
<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="ScheduleRecurrenceArgs-dayOfMonth">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/schedule.ts#L107">property <b>dayOfMonth</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>dayOfMonth?: <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/undefined'>undefined</a></span> | <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number'>number</a></span>;</code></pre>

1 to 31.  Leave undefined to indicate no specific value.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="ScheduleRecurrenceArgs-dayOfWeek">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/schedule.ts#L113">property <b>dayOfWeek</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>dayOfWeek?: <a href='#DayOfWeek'>DayOfWeek</a>;</code></pre>

Day of the week to perform the scheduled action on.  Leave undefined to indicate no specific value.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="ScheduleRecurrenceArgs-hour">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/schedule.ts#L104">property <b>hour</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>hour?: <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/undefined'>undefined</a></span> | <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number'>number</a></span>;</code></pre>

0 to 23.  Leave undefined to indicate no specific value.  All times UTC

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="ScheduleRecurrenceArgs-minute">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/schedule.ts#L101">property <b>minute</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>minute?: <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/undefined'>undefined</a></span> | <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number'>number</a></span>;</code></pre>

0 to 59.  Leave undefined to indicate no specific value.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="ScheduleRecurrenceArgs-month">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/schedule.ts#L110">property <b>month</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>month?: <a href='#Month'>Month</a>;</code></pre>

Month of the year to perform the scheduled action on.  Leave undefined to indicate no specific value.

<h3 class="pdoc-module-header" id="StepScalingPolicyArgs" data-link-title="StepScalingPolicyArgs">
    <a href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/stepScaling.ts#L114">
        interface <strong>StepScalingPolicyArgs</strong>
    </a>
</h3>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kr'>interface</span> <span class='nx'>StepScalingPolicyArgs</span></code></pre>
<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="StepScalingPolicyArgs-adjustmentType">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/stepScaling.ts#L135">property <b>adjustmentType</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>adjustmentType: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<a href='#AdjustmentType'>AdjustmentType</a>&gt;;</code></pre>

When a step scaling or simple scaling policy is executed, it changes the current capacity of
your Auto Scaling group using the scaling adjustment specified in the policy. A scaling
adjustment can't change the capacity of the group above the maximum group size or below the
minimum group size.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="StepScalingPolicyArgs-estimatedInstanceWarmup">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/stepScaling.ts#L141">property <b>estimatedInstanceWarmup</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>estimatedInstanceWarmup?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number'>number</a></span>&gt;;</code></pre>

The estimated time, in seconds, until a newly launched instance will contribute CloudWatch
metrics. Without a value, AWS will default to the group's specified cooldown period.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="StepScalingPolicyArgs-evaluationPeriods">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/stepScaling.ts#L154">property <b>evaluationPeriods</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>evaluationPeriods?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number'>number</a></span>&gt;;</code></pre>

The number of periods over which data is compared to the specified threshold before an alarm
is fired.  Defaults to `1` if unspecified.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="StepScalingPolicyArgs-metric">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/stepScaling.ts#L122">property <b>metric</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>metric: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/awsx/cloudwatch/#Metric'>Metric</a>;</code></pre>

The metric to use to watch for changes.  An alarm will be created from this using
[alarmArgs], which will invoke the actual autoscaling policy when triggered.

Note: the `period` of this metric will be set to `60s` from the default of `300s` to ensure
events come in in a timely enough manner to allow the ASG to respond accordingly.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="StepScalingPolicyArgs-minAdjustmentMagnitude">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/stepScaling.ts#L148">property <b>minAdjustmentMagnitude</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>minAdjustmentMagnitude?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number'>number</a></span>&gt;;</code></pre>

The minimum number of instances to scale. If the value of [adjustmentType] is
["PercentChangeInCapacity"], the scaling policy changes the DesiredCapacity of the Auto
Scaling group by at least this many instances.  Defaults to `1` if not specified.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="StepScalingPolicyArgs-steps">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/stepScaling.ts#L127">property <b>steps</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>steps: <a href='#ScalingSteps'>ScalingSteps</a>;</code></pre>

A set of adjustments that manage group scaling.

<h3 class="pdoc-module-header" id="TargetTrackingPolicyArgs" data-link-title="TargetTrackingPolicyArgs">
    <a href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/targetTracking.ts#L38">
        interface <strong>TargetTrackingPolicyArgs</strong>
    </a>
</h3>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kr'>interface</span> <span class='nx'>TargetTrackingPolicyArgs</span></code></pre>
<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="TargetTrackingPolicyArgs-disableScaleIn">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/targetTracking.ts#L51">property <b>disableScaleIn</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>disableScaleIn?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean'>boolean</a></span>&gt;;</code></pre>

Indicates whether scaling in by the target tracking scaling policy is disabled. If scaling in
is disabled, the target tracking scaling policy doesn't remove instances from the Auto
Scaling group. Otherwise, the target tracking scaling policy can remove instances from the
Auto Scaling group.  Defaults to [false] if unspecified.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="TargetTrackingPolicyArgs-estimatedInstanceWarmup">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/targetTracking.ts#L43">property <b>estimatedInstanceWarmup</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>estimatedInstanceWarmup?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number'>number</a></span>&gt;;</code></pre>

The estimated time, in seconds, until a newly launched instance will contribute CloudWatch
metrics. Without a value, AWS will default to the group's specified cooldown period.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="TargetTrackingPolicyArgs-targetValue">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/targetTracking.ts#L56">property <b>targetValue</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>targetValue: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number'>number</a></span>&gt;;</code></pre>

The target value for the metric.

<h3 class="pdoc-module-header" id="TemplateParameters" data-link-title="TemplateParameters">
    <a href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/autoscaling.ts#L384">
        interface <strong>TemplateParameters</strong>
    </a>
</h3>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kr'>interface</span> <span class='nx'>TemplateParameters</span></code></pre>
<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="TemplateParameters-defaultCooldown">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/autoscaling.ts#L390">property <b>defaultCooldown</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>defaultCooldown?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number'>number</a></span>&gt;;</code></pre>

The amount of time, in seconds, after a scaling activity completes before another scaling
activity can start.  Defaults to 300 if unspecified.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="TemplateParameters-desiredCapacity">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/autoscaling.ts#L428">property <b>desiredCapacity</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>desiredCapacity?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number'>number</a></span>&gt;;</code></pre>

The desired size of the auto scale group.  Defaults to [minSize] if unspecified.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="TemplateParameters-healthCheckGracePeriod">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/autoscaling.ts#L396">property <b>healthCheckGracePeriod</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>healthCheckGracePeriod?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number'>number</a></span>&gt;;</code></pre>

Time (in seconds) after instance comes into service before checking health. Defaults to 120
if unspecified.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="TemplateParameters-healthCheckType">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/autoscaling.ts#L401">property <b>healthCheckType</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>healthCheckType?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='s2'>"EC2"</span> | <span class='s2'>"ELB"</span>&gt;;</code></pre>

"EC2" or "ELB". Controls how health checking is done.  Defaults to "EC2" if unspecified.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="TemplateParameters-maxSize">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/autoscaling.ts#L418">property <b>maxSize</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>maxSize?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number'>number</a></span>&gt;;</code></pre>

The maximum size of the auto scale group.  Defaults to 100 if unspecified.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="TemplateParameters-minSize">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/autoscaling.ts#L423">property <b>minSize</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>minSize?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number'>number</a></span>&gt;;</code></pre>

The minimum size of the auto scale group.  Defaults to 2 if unspecified.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="TemplateParameters-suspendedProcesses">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/autoscaling.ts#L411">property <b>suspendedProcesses</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>suspendedProcesses?: <a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<a href='/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='s2'>"Launch"</span> | <span class='s2'>"Terminate"</span> | <span class='s2'>"HealthCheck"</span> | <span class='s2'>"ReplaceUnhealthy"</span> | <span class='s2'>"AZRebalance"</span> | <span class='s2'>"AlarmNotification"</span> | <span class='s2'>"ScheduledActions"</span> | <span class='s2'>"AddToLoadBalancer"</span>&gt;[]&gt;;</code></pre>

A list of processes to suspend for the AutoScaling Group. The allowed values are `Launch`,
`Terminate`, `HealthCheck`, `ReplaceUnhealthy`, `AZRebalance`, `AlarmNotification`,
`ScheduledActions`, `AddToLoadBalancer`. Note that if you suspend either the `Launch` or
`Terminate` process types, it can prevent your autoscaling group from functioning properly.

Defaults to "ScheduledActions" if not specified

<h3 class="pdoc-module-header" id="UserDataLine" data-link-title="UserDataLine">
    <a href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/launchConfiguration.ts#L442">
        interface <strong>UserDataLine</strong>
    </a>
</h3>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kr'>interface</span> <span class='nx'>UserDataLine</span></code></pre>

A line that should be added to the [userData] section of a LaunchConfiguration template.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="UserDataLine-automaticallyIndent">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/launchConfiguration.ts#L452">property <b>automaticallyIndent</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>automaticallyIndent?: <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/undefined'>undefined</a></span> | <span class='kd'>false</span> | <span class='kd'>true</span>;</code></pre>

Whether the line should be automatically indented to the right level.  Defaults to [true].
Set explicitly to [false] to control all indentation.

<h4 class="pdoc-member-header" id="UserDataLine-contents">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/{{< param git_sha >}}/nodejs/awsx/autoscaling/launchConfiguration.ts#L446">property <b>contents</b></a>
</h4>

<pre class="highlight"><code><span class='kd'></span>contents: <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>;</code></pre>

Actual contents of the line.

