---
title: KubeCon EU  Pre-day Workshop
type: page
layout: event-single
calendly_url: "https://calendly.com/pulumi/kubecon?month=2020-03"
---
<!--- DO NOT MODIFY -->
<!--- This file is automatically generated by ./tools/eventgen. -->

## Details

<div>
	<i class="fas fa-globe-americas inline-block text-xl"></i>
	<span class="my-0 text-xl">
	    <a href="https://maps.google.com/?q=Europaboulevard 2b, 1078 RV Amsterdam, Netherlands" class="text-blue-500">Europaboulevard 2b, 1078 RV Amsterdam, Netherlands</a>
	</span>
</div>

<div>
	<i class="fas fa-calendar inline-block text-xl"></i>
	<span class="my-0 text-xl">March 30, 2020</span>
</div>

<div>
	<i class="fas fa-clock inline-block text-xl"></i>
	<span class="my-0 text-xl">11:30AM - 4:00pm (CET)</span>
</div>

<div>
	<i class="fas fa-ticket-alt inline-block text-xl"></i>
	<span class="my-0 text-xl">€99</span>
</div>

Note: The registration fee includes lunch, the workshop and happy hour afterwards.

**About the Workshop**

The hardest part of Kubernetes is setting up the infrastructure: clusters, DNS, firewalls, load balancers, IAM, storage, logging, and performance monitoring, often spanning private, public, and hybrid cloud architectures.

In this workshop, the Pulumi team will show you how to tackle these challenges using Infrastructure as Code (IaC) through a series of hands-on labs. The techniques work for any cloud - AWS, Azure, and GCP. You'll be able to leverage your favorite languages including Python, Go, JavaScript, TypeScript, and C# instead of YAML or domain-specific languages.

After completing this workshop, you'll be up and running with IaC fundamentals, modern application architectures across many clouds, and Kubernetes best-practices that are ready for production environments. You'll also be ready to empower your development teams to be more productive - continuously deploying both their applications and infrastructure.

**Agenda**

11:30am - Lunch will be served in the meeting room.

12:00-3:00pm - Workshop with hands-on labs.

3:00-4:00pm - Happy hour with drinks/snacks.

**Instructors**

Joe Duffy - CEO, Pulumi <a href="https://twitter.com/funcofjoe" target="_blank">@funcofjoe</a>

Paul Stack - Software Engineer, Pulumi <a href="https://twitter.com/stack72" target="_blank">@stack72</a>

For questions contact, <a href="mailto:inquiries@pulumi.com">inquiries@pulumi.com</a>.

**Location**

The workshop will be held at the Hotel nhow Amsterdam RAI which is located next to the RAI Amsterdam Convention Center.
