content/docs/intro/vs/cloud_templates.md, before:

---
title: Pulumi vs. Cloud Templates (AWS CloudFormation, etc.)
meta_desc: This page gives an overview of the major differences between Pulumi
           and Cloud Templates (AWS CloudFormation, etc.).
linktitle: Cloud Templates
menu:
  intro:
    parent: vs
    weight: 2

aliases: ["/docs/reference/vs/cloud_templates/"]
---

All major cloud providers offer their own form of infrastructure-as-"code" solution, typically by way of JSON or
YAML-based templating solutions. This includes AWS CloudFormation and Azure Resource Manager (ARM) templates.

These markup-based configuration files are often uploaded to a hosted service in the target cloud, where a hosted
service will then process the files to create, update, or delete resources as necessary.

Pulumi's model shares a lot with these systems. Although Pulumi programs are written in imperative, familiar languages,
they are ultimately evaluated to produce a similar set of create, update, or delete operations for your cloud resources.

This is where Pulumi begins to diverge from these other solutions, however.

Pulumi lets you use your favorite languages, instead of bespoke templating solutions. These typically use syntaxes that
are awkward, hard to learn, and even harder to remember. Pulumi programs are just real code. Thanks to basic things
like functions and classes, we've seen 25,000 line CloudFormation templates shrink to just a few hundred lines of code.
This approach also leads to far less copy and pasting between projects because you can share packages.

Pulumi is also multi-cloud. So, you only need to learn one programming model, tool, and workflow. In fact, you can
easily manage resources from different clouds, easing what would otherwise require manual orchestration. For example

* Use Azure ML, but AWS for VM, container, and/or serverless compute
* Provision a GKE Kubernetes cluster and then deploy Kubernetes apps to it
* Provision Let's Encrypt SSL certificates, Cloudflare DNS, and AWS compute resources

Pulumi also offers a first class CLI experience. The cloud solutions don't let you preview deployment diffs on
your client machine before submitting them, and generally haven't focused on a great CLI experience like Pulumi has,
because they are so service-oriented and closed source.

There are many community-led projects which allow you to write code in a real language and then emit the
configuration templates as a sort of "compilation" step. These offer nice syntactic sugar on top of the raw
templates, but the underlying model leaks through and carries forward all of the other abovementioned shortcomings.

Finally, Pulumi is [open source](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi) and community-driven. All of the cloud systems are
proprietary closed source, lead to lock-in, and lack the ability for the community to contribute to them.

Commit message:

97th Floor SEO optimization
@cnunciato optimized for KW: CloudFormation. I'm not sure how to create headers, but "What is Pulumi?", "What is CloudFormation?" and "The Pulumi Difference" were intended to be subheadings. If that's not possible they're also fine as they are.

content/docs/intro/vs/cloud_templates.md, after:

---
title: Pulumi vs. AWS CloudFormation and Other Templates | Pulumi
meta_desc: This page gives an overview of the major differences between Pulumi and Cloud Templates such as AWS CloudFormation.
linktitle: Cloud Templates
menu:
  intro:
    parent: vs
    weight: 2

aliases: ["/docs/reference/vs/cloud_templates/"]
---

What is Pulumi?

Pulumi offers a multi-cloud alternative to typical, more restrictive infrastructure-as-code template solutions, such as AWS CloudFormation. Pulumi allows you to streamline processes through managing resources from different platforms all in one place, using real code, in your favorite language.

What is CloudFormation?

All major cloud providers offer their own form of infrastructure-as-"code" solution, typically by way of JSON or
YAML-based templating solutions. This includes AWS CloudFormation and Azure Resource Manager (ARM) templates.

These markup-based configuration files are often uploaded to a hosted service in the target cloud, where a hosted
service will then process the files to create, update, or delete resources as necessary.

The Pulumi Difference

Pulumi's model shares a lot with these systems. Although Pulumi programs are written in imperative, familiar languages,
they are ultimately evaluated to produce a similar set of create, update, or delete operations for your cloud resources.

This is where Pulumi begins to diverge from these other solutions such as AWS CloudFormation, however.

Pulumi lets you use your favorite languages — complete control rather than bespoke templating solutions such as CloudFormation. These templates typically use syntaxes that
are awkward, hard to learn, and even harder to remember. Pulumi programs are just real code. Thanks to basic things
like functions and classes, we've seen 25,000 line CloudFormation templates shrink to just a few hundred lines of code.
This approach also leads to far less copy and pasting between projects because you can share packages.

Pulumi is also multi-cloud. So, you only need to learn one programming model, tool, and workflow. In fact, you can
easily manage resources from different clouds, easing what would otherwise require manual orchestration. For example

* Use Azure ML, but AWS for VM, container, and/or serverless compute
* Provision a GKE Kubernetes cluster and then deploy Kubernetes apps to it
* Provision Let's Encrypt SSL certificates, Cloudflare DNS, and AWS compute resources

Pulumi also offers a first class CLI experience. The cloud solutions don't let you preview deployment diffs on
your client machine before submitting them, and generally haven't focused on a great CLI experience like Pulumi has,
because they are so service-oriented and closed source.

There are many community-led projects which allow you to write code in a real language and then emit the
configuration templates as a sort of "compilation" step. These offer nice syntactic sugar on top of the raw
templates, but the underlying model leaks through and carries forward all of the other abovementioned shortcomings.

Finally, Pulumi is [open source](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi) and community-driven. All of the other cloud systems — such as Azure Automation or AWS CloudFormation — are
proprietary closed source, lead to lock-in, and lack the ability for the community to contribute to them.
