---
title: "Streamline access to stack outputs with OutputDetails"
date: 2023-03-24
updated: 2025-03-07
meta_desc: >-
  You can now read and transform outputs from stack references
  without calling Output.apply.
meta_image: meta.png
authors: [abhinav-gupta]
tags: [features, stack-reference]
---

You can use the new `StackReference.getOutputDetails` method
to get output values from other stacks directly&mdash;without calling `Output.apply`.

<!--more-->

## What are Stack References?

{{% notes type="info" %}}
If you already understand stack references, skip on to [Introducing `OutputDetails`](#introducing-outputdetails).
{{% /notes %}}

Stack references are a useful feature of Pulumi
that you can use to access output values from one stack in another.

For instance,
let's say you have a 'network' stack that provisions an AWS VPC,
and an 'app' stack that deploys your application on an EC2 instance in that VPC.
The app stack can reference the output of the network stack
to obtain the VPC ID, which it needs to configure the EC2 instance.

```typescript
const network = new pulumi.StackReference("acmecorp/network/other");
const vpcId = network.getOutput("vpcId");
```

The `getOutput` method above returns an `Output` value that holds the result.
You can call `Output.apply` to perform transformations on the output value.
As an example,
if you need to extract a subnet ID from a JSON string in the output,
you can use the following code:

```typescript
const subnetConfig = network.getOutput("subnetConfig");
const subnetId = subnetConfig.apply(output => JSON.parse(output).subnetId);
```

This approach works but is limited because
the output value obtained from the `apply` transformation
is also an `Output` value.
You cannot access or manipulate this value directly,
and you must continue to use `apply` repeatedly to consume the value.

As an aid in resolving this problem, we have introduced `OutputDetails`.
These provide direct access to the output of one stack from another stack.

## Introducing `OutputDetails`

We've added a new method, `StackReference.getOutputDetails`,
to allow direct access to output values from stack references.
This method can be used as follows:

```typescript
const vpcIdDetails = await network.getOutputDetails("vpcId");
const vpcId = vpcIdDetails.value;
```

Unlike the `getOutput` method,
the resulting value is a plain value, not an `Output` value.
As a result, there is no need to call `apply` repeatedly
to transform or consume the value.

Revisiting the previous example of extracting a value from a JSON string,
`getOutputDetails` can be used as shown below:

```typescript
const subnetConfig = (await network.getOutputDetails("subnetConfig")).value;
const subnetId = JSON.parse(subnetConfig).subnetId;
console.log(`Using subnet ID ${subnetId}`);
```

### What about secrets?

`getOutputDetails` can also be used to access [secret outputs
generated by the referenced stack.
For example, if the referenced stack sets up a database
and produces the password as a stack output,
you can access it as follows:

```typescript
const passwordDetails = await dbStack.getOutputDetails("databasePassword");
const password = passwordDetails.secretValue;
```

### Can we do this for all `Output` values?

Unfortunately, it is not feasible to do this to every `Output` value.
Stack references are unique in that
the referenced stack must already have deployed
for the reference to be resolved.
Therefore, when the stack reference is created,
the outputs of the referenced stack are available immediately.
This is not the case for other `Output` values.
Their values only become available as `pulumi update` runs,
so we cannot access them in the same way.

## Availability

This feature is available in all stable SDKs for Pulumi, starting from v3.55.0. [Give it a spin](/docs/iac/get-started/) and share your thoughts with us on [Slack](https://slack.pulumi.com/)!
