---
title: Module dynamodb
---

<!-- WARNING: this page was generated by a tool. Do not edit it by hand. -->
<!-- To change it, please see https://github.com/pulumi/docs/tree/master/tools/tscdocgen. -->

<a href="../index.html">@pulumi/awsx</a> &gt; dynamodb

<div class="toggleVisible" markdown="1">
<div class="collapsed" markdown="1">
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header toggleButton" title="Click to show Index">Index ▹</h2>
</div>
<div class="expanded" markdown="1">
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header toggleButton" title="Click to hide Index">Index ▾</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents" markdown="1">
* <a href="#conditionalCheckFailedRequests">function conditionalCheckFailedRequests</a>
* <a href="#consumedReadCapacityUnits">function consumedReadCapacityUnits</a>
* <a href="#consumedWriteCapacityUnits">function consumedWriteCapacityUnits</a>
* <a href="#metric">function metric</a>
* <a href="#onlineIndexConsumedWriteCapacity">function onlineIndexConsumedWriteCapacity</a>
* <a href="#onlineIndexPercentageProgress">function onlineIndexPercentageProgress</a>
* <a href="#onlineIndexThrottleEvents">function onlineIndexThrottleEvents</a>
* <a href="#pendingReplicationCount">function pendingReplicationCount</a>
* <a href="#provisionedReadCapacityUnits">function provisionedReadCapacityUnits</a>
* <a href="#provisionedWriteCapacityUnits">function provisionedWriteCapacityUnits</a>
* <a href="#readThrottleEvents">function readThrottleEvents</a>
* <a href="#replicationLatency">function replicationLatency</a>
* <a href="#returnedBytes">function returnedBytes</a>
* <a href="#returnedItemCount">function returnedItemCount</a>
* <a href="#returnedRecordsCount">function returnedRecordsCount</a>
* <a href="#successfulRequestLatency">function successfulRequestLatency</a>
* <a href="#systemErrors">function systemErrors</a>
* <a href="#throttledRequests">function throttledRequests</a>
* <a href="#timeToLiveDeletedItemCount">function timeToLiveDeletedItemCount</a>
* <a href="#userErrors">function userErrors</a>
* <a href="#writeThrottleEvents">function writeThrottleEvents</a>
* <a href="#DynamodbMetricChange">interface DynamodbMetricChange</a>
* <a href="#DynamodbMetricName">type DynamodbMetricName</a>

<a href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/dynamodb/metrics.ts">dynamodb/metrics.ts</a> 
</div>
</div>
</div>


<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="conditionalCheckFailedRequests">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/dynamodb/metrics.ts#L129">function <b>conditionalCheckFailedRequests</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents" markdown="1">

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>conditionalCheckFailedRequests(change?: <a href='#DynamodbMetricChange'>DynamodbMetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


The number of failed attempts to perform conditional writes. The PutItem, UpdateItem, and
DeleteItem operations let you provide a logical condition that must evaluate to true before
the operation can proceed. If this condition evaluates to false,
ConditionalCheckFailedRequests is incremented by one.

Note: A failed conditional write will result in an HTTP 400 error (Bad Request). These events
are reflected in the ConditionalCheckFailedRequests metric, but not in the UserErrors metric.

Units: Count
Dimensions: TableName
Valid Statistics: Minimum, Maximum, Average, SampleCount, Sum

</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="consumedReadCapacityUnits">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/dynamodb/metrics.ts#L160">function <b>consumedReadCapacityUnits</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents" markdown="1">

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>consumedReadCapacityUnits(change?: <a href='#DynamodbMetricChange'>DynamodbMetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


The number of read capacity units consumed over the specified time period, so you can track
how much of your provisioned throughput is used. You can retrieve the total consumed read
capacity for a table and all of its global secondary indexes, or for a particular global
secondary index. For more information, see Provisioned Throughput in Amazon DynamoDB.

Note: Use the Sum statistic to calculate the consumed throughput. For example, get the Sum
value over a span of one minute, and divide it by the number of seconds in a minute (60) to
calculate the average ConsumedReadCapacityUnits per second (recognizing that this average
will not highlight any large but brief spikes in read activity that occurred during that
minute). You can compare the calculated value to the provisioned throughput value you provide
DynamoDB.

Units: Count

Dimensions: TableName, GlobalSecondaryIndexName

Valid Statistics:
* Minimum – Minimum number of read capacity units consumed by any individual request to the
  table or index.
* Maximum – Maximum number of read capacity units consumed by any individual request to the
  table or index.
* Average – Average per-request read capacity consumed.
* Sum – Total read capacity units consumed. This is the most useful statistic for the
  ConsumedReadCapacityUnits metric.
* SampleCount – Number of requests to DynamoDB that consumed read capacity.

</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="consumedWriteCapacityUnits">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/dynamodb/metrics.ts#L192">function <b>consumedWriteCapacityUnits</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents" markdown="1">

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>consumedWriteCapacityUnits(change?: <a href='#DynamodbMetricChange'>DynamodbMetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


The number of write capacity units consumed over the specified time period, so you can track
how much of your provisioned throughput is used. You can retrieve the total consumed write
capacity for a table and all of its global secondary indexes, or for a particular global
secondary index. For more information, see Provisioned Throughput in Amazon DynamoDB.

Note: Use the Sum statistic to calculate the consumed throughput. For example, get the Sum
value over a span of one minute, and divide it by the number of seconds in a minute (60) to
calculate the average ConsumedWriteCapacityUnits per second (recognizing that this average
will not highlight any large but brief spikes in write activity that occurred during that
minute). You can compare the calculated value to the provisioned throughput value you provide
DynamoDB.

Units: Count

Dimensions: TableName, GlobalSecondaryIndexName

Valid Statistics:

* Minimum – Minimum number of write capacity units consumed by any individual request to the
  table or index.
* Maximum – Maximum number of write capacity units consumed by any individual request to the
  table or index.
* Average – Average per-request write capacity consumed.
* Sum – Total write capacity units consumed. This is the most useful statistic for the
  ConsumedWriteCapacityUnits metric.
* SampleCount – Number of requests to DynamoDB that consumed write capacity.

</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="metric">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/dynamodb/metrics.ts#L87">function <b>metric</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents" markdown="1">

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>metric(metricName: <a href='#DynamodbMetricName'>DynamodbMetricName</a>, change: <a href='#DynamodbMetricChange'>DynamodbMetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


Creates an AWS/DynamoDB metric with the requested [metricName]. See
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/metrics-dimensions.html for list
of all metric-names.

Note, individual metrics can easily be obtained without supplying the name using the other
[metricXXX] functions.

The metrics for DynamoDB are qualified by the values for the account, table name, global
secondary index name, or operation. You can use the CloudWatch console to retrieve DynamoDB data
along any of the dimensions in the table below.

1. "GlobalSecondaryIndexName": This dimension limits the data to a global secondary index on a
   table. If you specify GlobalSecondaryIndexName, you must also specify TableName
2. "Operation": This dimension limits the data to one of the following DynamoDB operations: *
       PutItem * DeleteItem * UpdateItem * GetItem * BatchGetItem * Scan * Query * BatchWriteItem
       In addition, you can limit the data to the following Amazon DynamoDB Streams operation: *
       GetRecords
3. "ReceivingRegion": This dimension limits the data to a particular AWS region. It is used with
   metrics originating from replica tables within a DynamoDB global table.
4. "StreamLabel": This dimension limits the data to a specific stream label. It is used with
   metrics originating from Amazon DynamoDB Streams GetRecords operations.
5. "TableName": This dimension limits the data to a specific table. This value can be any table
   name in the current region and the current AWS account.

</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="onlineIndexConsumedWriteCapacity">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/dynamodb/metrics.ts#L220">function <b>onlineIndexConsumedWriteCapacity</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents" markdown="1">

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>onlineIndexConsumedWriteCapacity(change?: <a href='#DynamodbMetricChange'>DynamodbMetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


The number of write capacity units consumed when adding a new global secondary index to a
table. If the write capacity of the index is too low, incoming write activity during the
backfill phase might be throttled; this can increase the time it takes to create the index.
You should monitor this statistic while the index is being built to determine whether the
write capacity of the index is underprovisioned.

You can adjust the write capacity of the index using the UpdateTable operation, even while
the index is still being built.

Note that the ConsumedWriteCapacityUnits metric for the index does not include the write
throughput consumed during index creation.

Units: Count

Dimensions: TableName, GlobalSecondaryIndexName

Valid Statistics:
* Minimum
* Maximum
* Average
* SampleCount
* Sum

</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="onlineIndexPercentageProgress">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/dynamodb/metrics.ts#L241">function <b>onlineIndexPercentageProgress</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents" markdown="1">

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>onlineIndexPercentageProgress(change?: <a href='#DynamodbMetricChange'>DynamodbMetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


The percentage of completion when a new global secondary index is being added to a table.
DynamoDB must first allocate resources for the new index, and then backfill attributes from the
table into the index. For large tables, this process might take a long time. You should monitor
this statistic to view the relative progress as DynamoDB builds the index.

Units: Count

Dimensions: TableName, GlobalSecondaryIndexName

Valid Statistics:
* Minimum
* Maximum
* Average
* SampleCount
* Sum

</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="onlineIndexThrottleEvents">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/dynamodb/metrics.ts#L267">function <b>onlineIndexThrottleEvents</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents" markdown="1">

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>onlineIndexThrottleEvents(change?: <a href='#DynamodbMetricChange'>DynamodbMetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


The number of write throttle events that occur when adding a new global secondary index to a
table. These events indicate that the index creation will take longer to complete, because
incoming write activity is exceeding the provisioned write throughput of the index.

You can adjust the write capacity of the index using the UpdateTable operation, even while the
index is still being built.

Note that the WriteThrotttleEvents metric for the index does not include any throttle events that
occur during index creation.

Units: Count

Dimensions: TableName, GlobalSecondaryIndexName

Valid Statistics:
* Minimum
* Maximum
* Average
* SampleCount
* Sum

</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="pendingReplicationCount">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/dynamodb/metrics.ts#L284">function <b>pendingReplicationCount</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents" markdown="1">

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>pendingReplicationCount(change?: <a href='#DynamodbMetricChange'>DynamodbMetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


(This metric is for DynamoDB global tables.) The number of item updates that are written to
one replica table, but that have not yet been written to another replica in the global table.

Units: Count

Dimensions: TableName, ReceivingRegion

Valid Statistics:
* Average
* Sample Count
* Sum

</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="provisionedReadCapacityUnits">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/dynamodb/metrics.ts#L309">function <b>provisionedReadCapacityUnits</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents" markdown="1">

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>provisionedReadCapacityUnits(change?: <a href='#DynamodbMetricChange'>DynamodbMetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


The number of provisioned read capacity units for a table or a global secondary index. The
TableName dimension returns the ProvisionedReadCapacityUnits for the table, but not for any
global secondary indexes. To view ProvisionedReadCapacityUnits for a global secondary index,
you must specify both TableName and GlobalSecondaryIndex.

Units: Count

Dimensions: TableName, GlobalSecondaryIndexName

Valid Statistics:
* Minimum – Lowest setting for provisioned read capacity. If you use UpdateTable to increase
  read capacity, this metric shows the lowest value of provisioned ReadCapacityUnits during
  this time period.
* Maximum – Highest setting for provisioned read capacity. If you use UpdateTable to decrease
  read capacity, this metric shows the highest value of provisioned ReadCapacityUnits during
  this time period.
* Average – Average provisioned read capacity. The ProvisionedReadCapacityUnits metric is
  published at five-minute intervals. Therefore, if you rapidly adjust the provisioned read
  capacity units, this statistic might not reflect the true average.

</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="provisionedWriteCapacityUnits">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/dynamodb/metrics.ts#L335">function <b>provisionedWriteCapacityUnits</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents" markdown="1">

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>provisionedWriteCapacityUnits(change?: <a href='#DynamodbMetricChange'>DynamodbMetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


The number of provisioned write capacity units for a table or a global secondary index

The TableName dimension returns the ProvisionedWriteCapacityUnits for the table, but not for
any global secondary indexes. To view ProvisionedWriteCapacityUnits for a global secondary
index, you must specify both TableName and GlobalSecondaryIndex.

Units: Count

Dimensions: TableName, GlobalSecondaryIndexName

Valid Statistics:
* Minimum – Lowest setting for provisioned write capacity. If you use UpdateTable to increase
  write capacity, this metric shows the lowest value of provisioned WriteCapacityUnits during
  this time period.
* Maximum – Highest setting for provisioned write capacity. If you use UpdateTable to
  decrease write capacity, this metric shows the highest value of provisioned
  WriteCapacityUnits during this time period.
* Average – Average provisioned write capacity. The ProvisionedWriteCapacityUnits metric is
  published at five-minute intervals. Therefore, if you rapidly adjust the provisioned write
  capacity units, this statistic might not reflect the true average.

</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="readThrottleEvents">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/dynamodb/metrics.ts#L360">function <b>readThrottleEvents</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents" markdown="1">

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>readThrottleEvents(change?: <a href='#DynamodbMetricChange'>DynamodbMetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


Requests to DynamoDB that exceed the provisioned read capacity units for a table or a global
secondary index.

A single request can result in multiple events. For example, a BatchGetItem that reads 10
items is processed as ten GetItem events. For each event, ReadThrottleEvents is incremented
by one if that event is throttled. The ThrottledRequests metric for the entire BatchGetItem
is not incremented unless all ten of the GetItem events are throttled.

The TableName dimension returns the ReadThrottleEvents for the table, but not for any global
secondary indexes. To view ReadThrottleEvents for a global secondary index, you must specify
both TableName and GlobalSecondaryIndex.

Units: Count

Dimensions: TableName, GlobalSecondaryIndexName

Valid Statistics:
* SampleCount
* Sum

</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="replicationLatency">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/dynamodb/metrics.ts#L378">function <b>replicationLatency</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents" markdown="1">

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>replicationLatency(change?: <a href='#DynamodbMetricChange'>DynamodbMetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


(This metric is for DynamoDB global tables.) The elapsed time between an updated item
appearing in the DynamoDB stream for one replica table, and that item appearing in another
replica in the global table.

Units: Milliseconds

Dimensions: TableName, ReceivingRegion

Valid Statistics:
* Average
* Minimum
* Maximum

</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="returnedBytes">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/dynamodb/metrics.ts#L397">function <b>returnedBytes</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents" markdown="1">

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>returnedBytes(change?: <a href='#DynamodbMetricChange'>DynamodbMetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


The number of bytes returned by GetRecords operations (Amazon DynamoDB Streams) during the
specified time period.

Units: Bytes

Dimensions: Operation, StreamLabel, TableName

Valid Statistics:
* Minimum
* Maximum
* Average
* SampleCount
* Sum

</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="returnedItemCount">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/dynamodb/metrics.ts#L421">function <b>returnedItemCount</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents" markdown="1">

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>returnedItemCount(change?: <a href='#DynamodbMetricChange'>DynamodbMetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


The number of items returned by Query or Scan operations during the specified time period.

Note that the number of items returned is not necessarily the same as the number of items
that were evaluated. For example, suppose you requested a Scan on a table that had 100 items,
but specified a FilterExpression that narrowed the results so that only 15 items were
returned. In this case, the response from Scan would contain a ScanCount of 100 and a Count
of 15 returned items.

Units: Count

Dimensions: TableName, Operation

Valid Statistics:
* Minimum
* Maximum
* Average
* SampleCount
* Sum

</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="returnedRecordsCount">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/dynamodb/metrics.ts#L440">function <b>returnedRecordsCount</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents" markdown="1">

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>returnedRecordsCount(change?: <a href='#DynamodbMetricChange'>DynamodbMetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


The number of stream records returned by GetRecords operations (Amazon DynamoDB Streams)
during the specified time period.

Units: Count

Dimensions: Operation, StreamLabel, TableName

Valid Statistics:
* Minimum
* Maximum
* Average
* SampleCount
* Sum

</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="successfulRequestLatency">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/dynamodb/metrics.ts#L464">function <b>successfulRequestLatency</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents" markdown="1">

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>successfulRequestLatency(change?: <a href='#DynamodbMetricChange'>DynamodbMetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


Successful requests to DynamoDB or Amazon DynamoDB Streams during the specified time period.
SuccessfulRequestLatency can provide two different kinds of information:

 The elapsed time for successful requests (Minimum, Maximum, Sum, or Average). The number of
 successful requests (SampleCount).

SuccessfulRequestLatency reflects activity only within DynamoDB or Amazon DynamoDB Streams,
and does not take into account network latency or client-side activity.

Units: Milliseconds

Dimensions: TableName, Operation

Valid Statistics:
* Minimum
* Maximum
* Average
* SampleCount

</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="systemErrors">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/dynamodb/metrics.ts#L480">function <b>systemErrors</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents" markdown="1">

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>systemErrors(change?: <a href='#DynamodbMetricChange'>DynamodbMetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


Requests to DynamoDB or Amazon DynamoDB Streams that generate an HTTP 500 status code during
the specified time period. An HTTP 500 usually indicates an internal service error.

Units: Count

Dimensions: All dimensions

Valid Statistics:
* Sum
* SampleCount

</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="throttledRequests">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/dynamodb/metrics.ts#L531">function <b>throttledRequests</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents" markdown="1">

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>throttledRequests(change?: <a href='#DynamodbMetricChange'>DynamodbMetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


Requests to DynamoDB that exceed the provisioned throughput limits on a resource (such as a
table or an index).

ThrottledRequests is incremented by one if any event within a request exceeds a provisioned
throughput limit. For example, if you update an item in a table with global secondary
indexes, there are multiple events—a write to the table, and a write to each index. If one or
more of these events are throttled, then ThrottledRequests is incremented by one.

Note: In a batch request (BatchGetItem or BatchWriteItem), ThrottledRequests is only
incremented if every request in the batch is throttled.

If any individual request within the batch is throttled, one of the following metrics is
incremented:

 * ReadThrottleEvents – For a throttled GetItem event within BatchGetItem.
 * WriteThrottleEvents – For a throttled PutItem or DeleteItem event within BatchWriteItem.

To gain insight into which event is throttling a request, compare ThrottledRequests with the
ReadThrottleEvents and WriteThrottleEvents for the table and its indexes.

Note: A throttled request will result in an HTTP 400 status code. All such events are
reflected in the ThrottledRequests metric, but not in the UserErrors metric.

Units: Count

Dimensions: TableName, Operation

Valid Statistics:
* Sum
* SampleCount

</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="timeToLiveDeletedItemCount">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/dynamodb/metrics.ts#L495">function <b>timeToLiveDeletedItemCount</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents" markdown="1">

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>timeToLiveDeletedItemCount(change?: <a href='#DynamodbMetricChange'>DynamodbMetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


The number of items deleted by Time To Live (TTL) during the specified time period. This
metric helps you monitor the rate of TTL deletions on your table.

Units: Count

Dimensions: TableName

Valid Statistics:
* Sum

</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="userErrors">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/dynamodb/metrics.ts#L556">function <b>userErrors</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents" markdown="1">

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>userErrors(change?: <a href='#DynamodbMetricChange'>DynamodbMetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


Requests to DynamoDB or Amazon DynamoDB Streams that generate an HTTP 400 status code during
the specified time period. An HTTP 400 usually indicates a client-side error such as an
invalid combination of parameters, attempting to update a nonexistent table, or an incorrect
request signature.

All such events are reflected in the UserErrors metric, except for the following:

 * ProvisionedThroughputExceededException – See the ThrottledRequests metric in this section.
 * ConditionalCheckFailedException – See the ConditionalCheckFailedRequests metric in this
   section.

UserErrors represents the aggregate of HTTP 400 errors for DynamoDB or Amazon DynamoDB
Streams requests for the current region and the current AWS account.

Units: Count

Valid Statistics:
* Sum
* SampleCount

</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="writeThrottleEvents">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/dynamodb/metrics.ts#L584">function <b>writeThrottleEvents</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents" markdown="1">

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>writeThrottleEvents(change?: <a href='#DynamodbMetricChange'>DynamodbMetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


Requests to DynamoDB that exceed the provisioned write capacity units for a table or a global
secondary index.

A single request can result in multiple events. For example, a PutItem request on a table
with three global secondary indexes would result in four events—the table write, and each of
the three index writes. For each event, the WriteThrottleEvents metric is incremented by one
if that event is throttled. For single PutItem requests, if any of the events are throttled,
ThrottledRequests is also incremented by one. For BatchWriteItem, the ThrottledRequests
metric for the entire BatchWriteItem is not incremented unless all of the individual PutItem
or DeleteItem events are throttled.

The TableName dimension returns the WriteThrottleEvents for the table, but not for any global
secondary indexes. To view WriteThrottleEvents for a global secondary index, you must specify
both TableName and GlobalSecondaryIndex.

Units: Count

Dimensions: TableName, GlobalSecondaryIndexName

Valid Statistics:
* Sum
* SampleCount

</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="DynamodbMetricChange">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/dynamodb/metrics.ts#L30">interface <b>DynamodbMetricChange</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents" markdown="1">
<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'>extends</span> <a href='#MetricChange'>MetricChange</a></pre>
<h3 class="pdoc-member-header" id="DynamodbMetricChange-color">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/cloudwatch/metric.ts#L439">property <b>color</b></a>
</h3>
<div class="pdoc-member-contents" markdown="1">
<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>color?: <a href='https://pulumi.io/reference/pkg/nodejs/@pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>&gt;;</pre>

The six-digit HTML hex color code to be used for this metric.

Only used if this metric is displayed in a [Dashboard] with a [MetricWidget].

</div>
<h3 class="pdoc-member-header" id="DynamodbMetricChange-dimensions">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/cloudwatch/metric.ts#L408">property <b>dimensions</b></a>
</h3>
<div class="pdoc-member-contents" markdown="1">
<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>dimensions?: <a href='https://pulumi.io/reference/pkg/nodejs/@pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;Record&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>, <span class='kd'><a href='https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/basic-types.html#any'>any</a></span>&gt;&gt;;</pre>

The new dimension for this metric.  If this object is missing this property, then no change
will be made.  However, if the property is there by set to [undefined] then the value will be
cleared.

</div>
<h3 class="pdoc-member-header" id="DynamodbMetricChange-extendedStatistic">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/cloudwatch/metric.ts#L426">property <b>extendedStatistic</b></a>
</h3>
<div class="pdoc-member-contents" markdown="1">
<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>extendedStatistic?: <a href='https://pulumi.io/reference/pkg/nodejs/@pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number'>number</a></span>&gt;;</pre>

The new percentile statistic for the metric associated with the alarm.  If this object is
missing this property, then no change will be made.  However, if the property is there by set
to [undefined] then the value will be set to the default.

</div>
<h3 class="pdoc-member-header" id="DynamodbMetricChange-globalSecondaryIndexName">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/dynamodb/metrics.ts#L40">property <b>globalSecondaryIndexName</b></a>
</h3>
<div class="pdoc-member-contents" markdown="1">
<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>globalSecondaryIndexName?: <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/undefined'>undefined</a></span> | <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>;</pre>

This dimension limits the data to a global secondary index on a table. If you specify
this, you must also specify [Table].

</div>
<h3 class="pdoc-member-header" id="DynamodbMetricChange-label">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/cloudwatch/metric.ts#L448">property <b>label</b></a>
</h3>
<div class="pdoc-member-contents" markdown="1">
<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>label?: <a href='https://pulumi.io/reference/pkg/nodejs/@pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>&gt;;</pre>

The label to display for this metric in the graph legend. If this is not specified, the
metric is given an autogenerated label that distinguishes it from the other metrics in the
widget.

Only used if this metric is displayed in a [Dashboard] with a [MetricWidget].

</div>
<h3 class="pdoc-member-header" id="DynamodbMetricChange-operation">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/dynamodb/metrics.ts#L45">property <b>operation</b></a>
</h3>
<div class="pdoc-member-contents" markdown="1">
<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>operation?: <span class='s2'>"PutItem"</span> | <span class='s2'>"DeleteItem"</span> | <span class='s2'>"UpdateItem"</span> | <span class='s2'>"GetItem"</span> | <span class='s2'>"BatchGetItem"</span> | <span class='s2'>"Scan"</span> | <span class='s2'>"Query"</span> | <span class='s2'>"BatchWriteItem"</span> | <span class='s2'>"GetRecords"</span>;</pre>

This dimension limits the data to one of the specified following DynamoDB operations.

</div>
<h3 class="pdoc-member-header" id="DynamodbMetricChange-period">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/cloudwatch/metric.ts#L414">property <b>period</b></a>
</h3>
<div class="pdoc-member-contents" markdown="1">
<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>period?: <a href='https://pulumi.io/reference/pkg/nodejs/@pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number'>number</a></span>&gt;;</pre>

The new period in seconds over which the specified `stat` is applied.  If this object is
missing this property, then no change will be made.  However, if the property is there by set
to [undefined] then the value will be set to the default (300s).

</div>
<h3 class="pdoc-member-header" id="DynamodbMetricChange-receivingRegion">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/dynamodb/metrics.ts#L53">property <b>receivingRegion</b></a>
</h3>
<div class="pdoc-member-contents" markdown="1">
<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>receivingRegion?: aws.Region;</pre>

This dimension limits the data to a particular AWS region. It is used with metrics
originating from replica tables within a DynamoDB global table.

</div>
<h3 class="pdoc-member-header" id="DynamodbMetricChange-statistic">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/cloudwatch/metric.ts#L420">property <b>statistic</b></a>
</h3>
<div class="pdoc-member-contents" markdown="1">
<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>statistic?: <a href='https://pulumi.io/reference/pkg/nodejs/@pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<a href='#MetricStatistic'>MetricStatistic</a>&gt;;</pre>

The new statistic to apply to the alarm's associated metric.  If this object is missing this
property, then no change will be made.  However, if the property is there by set to
[undefined] then the value will be set to the default.

</div>
<h3 class="pdoc-member-header" id="DynamodbMetricChange-streamLabel">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/dynamodb/metrics.ts#L59">property <b>streamLabel</b></a>
</h3>
<div class="pdoc-member-contents" markdown="1">
<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>streamLabel?: <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/undefined'>undefined</a></span> | <span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>;</pre>

This dimension limits the data to a specific stream label. It is used with metrics
originating from Amazon DynamoDB Streams 'GetRecords' operations.

</div>
<h3 class="pdoc-member-header" id="DynamodbMetricChange-table">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/dynamodb/metrics.ts#L34">property <b>table</b></a>
</h3>
<div class="pdoc-member-contents" markdown="1">
<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>table?: aws.dynamodb.Table;</pre>

Optional [Table] this metric should be filtered down to.

</div>
<h3 class="pdoc-member-header" id="DynamodbMetricChange-unit">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/cloudwatch/metric.ts#L432">property <b>unit</b></a>
</h3>
<div class="pdoc-member-contents" markdown="1">
<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>unit?: <a href='https://pulumi.io/reference/pkg/nodejs/@pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<a href='#MetricUnit'>MetricUnit</a>&gt;;</pre>

The new unit for this metric.   If this object is missing this property, then no change will
be made.  However, if the property is there by set to [undefined] then the value will be set
to the default.

</div>
<h3 class="pdoc-member-header" id="DynamodbMetricChange-visible">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/cloudwatch/metric.ts#L456">property <b>visible</b></a>
</h3>
<div class="pdoc-member-contents" markdown="1">
<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>visible?: <a href='https://pulumi.io/reference/pkg/nodejs/@pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean'>boolean</a></span>&gt;;</pre>

Set this to true to have the metric appear in the graph, or false to have it be hidden. The
default is true.

Only used if this metric is displayed in a [Dashboard] with a [MetricWidget].

</div>
<h3 class="pdoc-member-header" id="DynamodbMetricChange-yAxis">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/cloudwatch/metric.ts#L463">property <b>yAxis</b></a>
</h3>
<div class="pdoc-member-contents" markdown="1">
<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>yAxis?: <a href='https://pulumi.io/reference/pkg/nodejs/@pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='s2'>"left"</span> | <span class='s2'>"right"</span>&gt;;</pre>

Where on the graph to display the y-axis for this metric. The default is left.

Only used if this metric is displayed in a [Dashboard] with a [MetricWidget].

</div>
</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="DynamodbMetricName">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/dynamodb/metrics.ts#L21">type <b>DynamodbMetricName</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents" markdown="1">
<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'>type</span> DynamodbMetricName = <span class='s2'>"ConditionalCheckFailedRequests"</span> | <span class='s2'>"ConsumedReadCapacityUnits"</span> | <span class='s2'>"ConsumedWriteCapacityUnits"</span> | <span class='s2'>"OnlineIndexConsumedWriteCapacity"</span> | <span class='s2'>"OnlineIndexPercentageProgress"</span> | <span class='s2'>"OnlineIndexThrottleEvents"</span> | <span class='s2'>"PendingReplicationCount"</span> | <span class='s2'>"ProvisionedReadCapacityUnits"</span> | <span class='s2'>"ProvisionedWriteCapacityUnits"</span> | <span class='s2'>"ReadThrottleEvents"</span> | <span class='s2'>"ReplicationLatency"</span> | <span class='s2'>"ReturnedBytes"</span> | <span class='s2'>"ReturnedItemCount"</span> | <span class='s2'>"ReturnedRecordsCount"</span> | <span class='s2'>"SuccessfulRequestLatency"</span> | <span class='s2'>"SystemErrors"</span> | <span class='s2'>"TimeToLiveDeletedItemCount"</span> | <span class='s2'>"ThrottledRequests"</span> | <span class='s2'>"UserErrors"</span> | <span class='s2'>"WriteThrottleEvents"</span>;</pre>
</div>
