content/docs/intro/cloud-providers/gcp/setup.md, before:

---
title: Setup

aliases: ["/docs/reference/clouds/gcp/setup/"]
---

[Pulumi Google Cloud Platform Provider]: {{< relref "./" >}}

The [Pulumi Google Cloud Platform Provider] needs to be configured with Google credentials
before it can be used to create resources.

When developing locally, we recommend that you use `gcloud login` to configure your account credentials:

```bash
$ gcloud auth login
$ gcloud config set project <YOUR_GCP_PROJECT_HERE>
$ gcloud auth application-default login
```

If you are using Pulumi in an non-interactive setting (such as a CI/CD system) you will need to [configure and use a service account]({{< relref "service-account.md" >}}) instead.

## Optional Settings

The Pulumi Google Cloud Platform Provider accepts these environment variables
to further configure the provider:

* `GOOGLE_PROJECT` - The default project for new resources, if one is not specified
when creating a resource
* `GOOGLE_REGION` - The default region for new resources, if one is not specified
when creating a resource
* `GOOGLE_ZONE` - The default zone for new resources, if one is not specified when
creating a resource.

If these values are not provided, some resources may require you to provide these
values as `project`, `region`, or `zone` properties.  You may also set these values per project using `pulumi config`:

```bash
$ pulumi config set gcp:project <your-project-here>
$ pulumi config set gcp:region <your-region-here>
$ pulumi config set gcp:zone <your-zone-here>
```

Commit message:

GCP: SDK only uses `application-default` when no ENV set
[`oauth2/google.DefaultTokenSource`](https://godoc.org/golang.org/x/oauth2/google#DefaultTokenSource) searches at these locations:
	//   1. A JSON file whose path is specified by the
	//      GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS environment variable.
	//   2. A JSON file in a location known to the gcloud command-line tool.
	//      On Windows, this is %APPDATA%/gcloud/application_default_credentials.json.
	//      On other systems, $HOME/.config/gcloud/application_default_credentials.json.
	//   3. On Google App Engine standard first generation runtimes (<= Go 1.9) it uses
	//      the appengine.AccessToken function.
	//   4. On Google Compute Engine, Google App Engine standard second generation runtimes
	//      (>= Go 1.11), and Google App Engine flexible environment, it fetches
	//      credentials from the metadata server.

[`terraform-provider-google-beta` uses this `DefaultTokenSource`](https://github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-google-beta/blob/bded0344e71879203877f83cf4b5a0fb4dd0228e/google-beta/config.go#L701) if nothing is explicitly defined.

content/docs/intro/cloud-providers/gcp/setup.md, after:

---
title: Setup

aliases: ["/docs/reference/clouds/gcp/setup/"]
---

[Pulumi Google Cloud Platform Provider]: {{< relref "./" >}}

The [Pulumi Google Cloud Platform Provider] needs to be configured with Google credentials
before it can be used to create resources.

When developing locally, we recommend that you login with the [`gcloud` CLI](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud/):

```bash
$ gcloud auth application-default login
```

The credentials are saved unencrypted (as plaintext) on the disk!

If you are using Pulumi in an non-interactive setting (such as a CI/CD system) you will need to [configure and use a service account]({{< relref "service-account.md" >}}) instead.

## Optional Settings

The Pulumi Google Cloud Platform Provider accepts these environment variables
to further configure the provider:

* `GOOGLE_PROJECT` - The default project for new resources, if one is not specified
when creating a resource
* `GOOGLE_REGION` - The default region for new resources, if one is not specified
when creating a resource
* `GOOGLE_ZONE` - The default zone for new resources, if one is not specified when
creating a resource.

If these values are not provided, some resources may require you to provide these
values as `project`, `region`, or `zone` properties.  You may also set these values per project using `pulumi config`:

```bash
$ pulumi config set gcp:project <your-project-here>
$ pulumi config set gcp:region <your-region-here>
$ pulumi config set gcp:zone <your-zone-here>
```
