content/webinars/pulumi-update-2020-04-29/index.md, before:

---
# Name of the webinar.
title: "Pulumi Up(date)"
meta_desc: "Join Pulumi CEO, Joe Duffy, and the Pulumi team for a walk-through of all the improvements and modern infrastructure capabilities of Pulumi."

aliases:
    - /webinars/pulumi-v2-virtual-launch
    - /events/launch-v2-seattle-2020-04-15
    - /webinars/pulumi-update-2020-04-22

# If the video is pre-recorded or live.
pre_recorded: false

# If the video is part of the PulumiTV series. Setting this value to true will list the video in the "PulumiTV" section.
pulumi_tv: false

# The preview image will be shown on the list page.
preview_image: "/images/webinar/pulumi_keynote.png"

# Webinars with unlisted as true will not be shown on the webinar list
unlisted: false

# Gated webinars will have a registration form and the user will need
# to fill out the form before viewing.
gated: true

# The layout of the landing page.
type: webinars

# External webinars will link to an external page instead of a webinar
# landing/registration page.
external: false

# The url slug for the webinar landing page. If this is an external
# webinar, use the external URL as the value here.
url_slug: "pulumi-update-2020-04-29"

# The content of the hero section.
hero:
    # The title text in the hero. This also serves as the pages H1.
    title: "Pulumi Up(date)"
    # The image the appears on the right hand side of the hero.
    image: "/icons/containers.svg"

# Content for the left hand side section of the page.
main:
    # Webinar title.
    title: "Pulumi Up(date)"
    # Sortable date. The datetime Hugo will use to sort the webinars in date order.
    sortable_date: 2020-04-29 11:00:00 -07:00
    # Datetime of the webinar.
    datetime: "WED APR 29, 2020 AT 11:00AM TO 12:00PM PDT"
    # Description of the webinar.
    description: |
        Pulumi 2.0 makes it easier than ever to master any cloud using your favorite languages.  Learn about new capabilities to help your team plan, build, validate, deploy and secure your cloud resources. With Pulumi’s new capabilities, you’ll spend less time fretting about complex configurations and more time delivering new infrastructure, apps, and services for your customers and stakeholders. Our improved documentation and first-class support for Python, .NET and Go means that more teams can start building, collaborating on and re-using infrastructure code.
    # The webinar presenters
    presenters:
        - name: Joe Duffy
          role: Founder & CEO, Pulumi

    # A bullet point list containing what the user will learn during the webinar.
    learn:
      - Cloud programming best practices and production-ready techniques.
      - How to provision cloud resources in your favorite programming language.


# The right hand side webinar section.
form:
    # GoToWebinar webinar key. This key allows us to register people for webinars via the
    # HubSpot form.
    gotowebinar_key: "1156022533022330893"

    # HubSpot form id.
    hubspot_form_id: "1388349f-96d5-4067-b08f-b4b95396054a"
---

Commit message:

Add featured listing to webinar lists

content/webinars/pulumi-update-2020-04-29/index.md, after:

---
# Name of the webinar.
title: "Pulumi Up(date)"
meta_desc: "Join Pulumi CEO, Joe Duffy, and the Pulumi team for a walk-through of all the improvements and modern infrastructure capabilities of Pulumi."

# A featured webinar will display first in the list.
featured: true

aliases:
    - /webinars/pulumi-v2-virtual-launch
    - /events/launch-v2-seattle-2020-04-15
    - /webinars/pulumi-update-2020-04-22

# If the video is pre-recorded or live.
pre_recorded: false

# If the video is part of the PulumiTV series. Setting this value to true will list the video in the "PulumiTV" section.
pulumi_tv: false

# The preview image will be shown on the list page.
preview_image: "/images/webinar/pulumi_keynote.png"

# Webinars with unlisted as true will not be shown on the webinar list
unlisted: false

# Gated webinars will have a registration form and the user will need
# to fill out the form before viewing.
gated: true

# The layout of the landing page.
type: webinars

# External webinars will link to an external page instead of a webinar
# landing/registration page.
external: false

# The url slug for the webinar landing page. If this is an external
# webinar, use the external URL as the value here.
url_slug: "pulumi-update-2020-04-29"

# The content of the hero section.
hero:
    # The title text in the hero. This also serves as the pages H1.
    title: "Pulumi Up(date)"
    # The image the appears on the right hand side of the hero.
    image: "/icons/containers.svg"

# Content for the left hand side section of the page.
main:
    # Webinar title.
    title: "Pulumi Up(date)"
    # Sortable date. The datetime Hugo will use to sort the webinars in date order.
    sortable_date: 2020-04-29 11:00:00 -07:00
    # Datetime of the webinar.
    datetime: "WED APR 29, 2020 AT 11:00AM TO 12:00PM PDT"
    # Description of the webinar.
    description: |
        Pulumi 2.0 makes it easier than ever to master any cloud using your favorite languages.  Learn about new capabilities to help your team plan, build, validate, deploy and secure your cloud resources. With Pulumi’s new capabilities, you’ll spend less time fretting about complex configurations and more time delivering new infrastructure, apps, and services for your customers and stakeholders. Our improved documentation and first-class support for Python, .NET and Go means that more teams can start building, collaborating on and re-using infrastructure code.
    # The webinar presenters
    presenters:
        - name: Joe Duffy
          role: Founder & CEO, Pulumi

    # A bullet point list containing what the user will learn during the webinar.
    learn:
      - Cloud programming best practices and production-ready techniques.
      - How to provision cloud resources in your favorite programming language.


# The right hand side webinar section.
form:
    # GoToWebinar webinar key. This key allows us to register people for webinars via the
    # HubSpot form.
    gotowebinar_key: "1156022533022330893"

    # HubSpot form id.
    hubspot_form_id: "1388349f-96d5-4067-b08f-b4b95396054a"
---
