content/webinar/aws-fargate-and-pulumi/index.md, before:

---
# Name of the webinar.
title: "Creating modern, cloud native applications"
meta_desc: "Learn how to unify your development and DevOps teams with the power of general purpose programming languages to create cloud-native applications."

# If the video is pre-recorded or live.
pre_recorded: true

# The preview image will be shown on the list page.
preview_image: "https://img.youtube.com/vi/M1Es9e9ICJA/hqdefault.jpg"

# Webinars with unlisted as true will not be shown on the webinar list
unlisted: false

# The layout of the landing page.
type: webinar

# External webinars will link to an external page instead of a webinar
# landing/registration page.
external: false

# The url slug for the webinar landing page.
url_slug: "aws-fargate-and-pulumi"

# The content of the hero section.
hero:
    # The title text in the hero. This also serves as the pages H1.
    title: "Creating modern, cloud native applications by unifying your DevOps teams"
    # The image the appears on the right hand side of the hero.
    image: "/icons/containers.svg"

# Content for the left hand side section of the page.
main:
    # Webinar title.
    title: "Creating modern, cloud native applications by unifying your DevOps teams"
    # URL for embedding a URL for ungated webinars.
    youtube_url: "https://www.youtube.com/embed/M1Es9e9ICJA"
    # Datetime of the webinar.
    datetime: 2019-02-05 10:00:00 -07:00
    # Description of the webinar.
    description: >
        Pulumi's Cloud Native Development Platform streamlines DevOps processes and the delivery of cloud native software. Pulumi unlocks the power of general-purpose programming languages to equip your organization with the tools necessary to quickly build and deploy containers on AWS.


        Pulumi provides huge productivity gains of your favorite language: from testability, to code completion, error checking, packaging, versioning, and IDE support.


    # The webinar presenters
    presenters:
        - name: Trevor Hansen
          role: Startup Partner Solutions Architect, AWS
        - name: Luke Hoban
          role: CTO, Pulumi
        - name: Chris Toomey
          role: CTO & Principal Architect, Learning Machine

    # A bullet point list containing what the user will learn during the webinar.
    learn:
        - How using general purpose programming languages provides familiar and powerful programming concepts
        - How Pulumi can help build a library of code packages to enhance efficiency
        - Best practices for becoming a deployment-focused organization

# The right hand side webinar setion.
webinar:
    cta:
        label: "Watch the Recording"
        url: "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M1Es9e9ICJA&t=1251s"
---

Commit message:

Add PulumiTV section and videos

content/webinar/aws-fargate-and-pulumi/index.md, after:

---
# Name of the webinar.
title: "Creating modern, cloud native applications"
meta_desc: "Learn how to unify your development and DevOps teams with the power of general purpose programming languages to create cloud-native applications."

# If the video is pre-recorded or live.
pre_recorded: true

# If the video is part of the PulumiTV series. Setting this value to true will list the video in the "PulumiTV" section.
pulumi_tv: false

# The preview image will be shown on the list page.
preview_image: "https://img.youtube.com/vi/M1Es9e9ICJA/hqdefault.jpg"

# Webinars with unlisted as true will not be shown on the webinar list
unlisted: false

# The layout of the landing page.
type: webinar

# External webinars will link to an external page instead of a webinar
# landing/registration page.
external: false

# The url slug for the webinar landing page.
url_slug: "aws-fargate-and-pulumi"

# The content of the hero section.
hero:
    # The title text in the hero. This also serves as the pages H1.
    title: "Creating modern, cloud native applications by unifying your DevOps teams"
    # The image the appears on the right hand side of the hero.
    image: "/icons/containers.svg"

# Content for the left hand side section of the page.
main:
    # Webinar title.
    title: "Creating modern, cloud native applications by unifying your DevOps teams"
    # URL for embedding a URL for ungated webinars.
    youtube_url: "https://www.youtube.com/embed/M1Es9e9ICJA"
    # Datetime of the webinar.
    datetime: 2019-02-05 10:00:00 -07:00
    # Description of the webinar.
    description: >
        Pulumi's Cloud Native Development Platform streamlines DevOps processes and the delivery of cloud native software. Pulumi unlocks the power of general-purpose programming languages to equip your organization with the tools necessary to quickly build and deploy containers on AWS.


        Pulumi provides huge productivity gains of your favorite language: from testability, to code completion, error checking, packaging, versioning, and IDE support.


    # The webinar presenters
    presenters:
        - name: Trevor Hansen
          role: Startup Partner Solutions Architect, AWS
        - name: Luke Hoban
          role: CTO, Pulumi
        - name: Chris Toomey
          role: CTO & Principal Architect, Learning Machine

    # A bullet point list containing what the user will learn during the webinar.
    learn:
        - How using general purpose programming languages provides familiar and powerful programming concepts
        - How Pulumi can help build a library of code packages to enhance efficiency
        - Best practices for becoming a deployment-focused organization

# The right hand side webinar setion.
webinar:
    cta:
        label: "Watch the Recording"
        url: "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M1Es9e9ICJA&t=1251s"
---
