---
title: "Cluster"
---

<!-- WARNING: this file was generated by the Pulumi Terraform Bridge (tfgen) Tool. -->
<!-- Do not edit by hand unless you're certain you know what you are doing! -->

<style>
  table td p { margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; }
</style>

Provides an Elastic MapReduce Cluster, a web service that makes it easy to
process large amounts of data efficiently. See [Amazon Elastic MapReduce Documentation](https://aws.amazon.com/documentation/elastic-mapreduce/)
for more information.

To configure [Instance Groups](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/emr/latest/ManagementGuide/emr-instance-group-configuration.html#emr-plan-instance-groups) for [task nodes](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/emr/latest/ManagementGuide/emr-master-core-task-nodes.html#emr-plan-task), see the [`aws.emr.InstanceGroup` resource](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/aws/r/emr_instance_group.html).

> Support for [Instance Fleets](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/emr/latest/ManagementGuide/emr-instance-group-configuration.html#emr-plan-instance-fleets) will be made available in an upcoming release.

## core_instance_group Configuration Block

Supported arguments for the `core_instance_group` configuration block:

* `instance_type` - (Required) EC2 instance type for all instances in the instance group.
* `autoscaling_policy` - (Optional) String containing the [EMR Auto Scaling Policy](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/emr/latest/ManagementGuide/emr-automatic-scaling.html) JSON.
* `bid_price` - (Optional) Bid price for each EC2 instance in the instance group, expressed in USD. By setting this attribute, the instance group is being declared as a Spot Instance, and will implicitly create a Spot request. Leave this blank to use On-Demand Instances.
* `ebs_config` - (Optional) Configuration block(s) for EBS volumes attached to each instance in the instance group. Detailed below.
* `instance_count` - (Optional) Target number of instances for the instance group. Must be at least 1. Defaults to 1.
* `name` - (Optional) Friendly name given to the instance group.

## ec2_attributes

Attributes for the Amazon EC2 instances running the job flow

* `key_name` - (Optional) Amazon EC2 key pair that can be used to ssh to the master node as the user called `hadoop`
* `subnet_id` - (Optional) VPC subnet id where you want the job flow to launch. Cannot specify the `cc1.4xlarge` instance type for nodes of a job flow launched in a Amazon VPC
* `additional_master_security_groups` - (Optional) String containing a comma separated list of additional Amazon EC2 security group IDs for the master node
* `additional_slave_security_groups` - (Optional) String containing a comma separated list of additional Amazon EC2 security group IDs for the slave nodes as a comma separated string
* `emr_managed_master_security_group` - (Optional) Identifier of the Amazon EC2 EMR-Managed security group for the master node
* `emr_managed_slave_security_group` - (Optional) Identifier of the Amazon EC2 EMR-Managed security group for the slave nodes
* `service_access_security_group` - (Optional) Identifier of the Amazon EC2 service-access security group - required when the cluster runs on a private subnet
* `instance_profile` - (Required) Instance Profile for EC2 instances of the cluster assume this role

> **NOTE on EMR-Managed security groups:** These security groups will have any
missing inbound or outbound access rules added and maintained by AWS, to ensure
proper communication between instances in a cluster. The EMR service will
maintain these rules for groups provided in `emr_managed_master_security_group`
and `emr_managed_slave_security_group`; attempts to remove the required rules
may succeed, only for the EMR service to re-add them in a matter of minutes.
This may cause this provider to fail to destroy an environment that contains an EMR
cluster, because the EMR service does not revoke rules added on deletion,
leaving a cyclic dependency between the security groups that prevents their
deletion. To avoid this, use the `revoke_rules_on_delete` optional attribute for
any Security Group used in `emr_managed_master_security_group` and
`emr_managed_slave_security_group`. See [Amazon EMR-Managed Security
Groups](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/emr/latest/ManagementGuide/emr-man-sec-groups.html)
for more information about the EMR-managed security group rules.

## kerberos_attributes

Attributes for Kerberos configuration

* `ad_domain_join_password` - (Optional) The Active Directory password for `ad_domain_join_user`. This provider cannot perform drift detection of this configuration.
* `ad_domain_join_user` - (Optional) Required only when establishing a cross-realm trust with an Active Directory domain. A user with sufficient privileges to join resources to the domain. This provider cannot perform drift detection of this configuration.
* `cross_realm_trust_principal_password` - (Optional) Required only when establishing a cross-realm trust with a KDC in a different realm. The cross-realm principal password, which must be identical across realms. This provider cannot perform drift detection of this configuration.
* `kdc_admin_password` - (Required) The password used within the cluster for the kadmin service on the cluster-dedicated KDC, which maintains Kerberos principals, password policies, and keytabs for the cluster. This provider cannot perform drift detection of this configuration.
* `realm` - (Required) The name of the Kerberos realm to which all nodes in a cluster belong. For example, `EC2.INTERNAL`

## instance_group

Attributes for each task instance group in the cluster

* `instance_role` - (Required) The role of the instance group in the cluster. Valid values are: `MASTER`, `CORE`, and `TASK`.
* `instance_type` - (Required) The EC2 instance type for all instances in the instance group
* `instance_count` - (Optional) Target number of instances for the instance group
* `name` - (Optional) Friendly name given to the instance group
* `bid_price` - (Optional) If set, the bid price for each EC2 instance in the instance group, expressed in USD. By setting this attribute, the instance group is being declared as a Spot Instance, and will implicitly create a Spot request. Leave this blank to use On-Demand Instances.
* `ebs_config` - (Optional) A list of attributes for the EBS volumes attached to each instance in the instance group. Each `ebs_config` defined will result in additional EBS volumes being attached to _each_ instance in the instance group. Defined below
* `autoscaling_policy` - (Optional) The autoscaling policy document. This is a JSON formatted string. See [EMR Auto Scaling](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/emr/latest/ManagementGuide/emr-automatic-scaling.html)

## master_instance_group Configuration Block

Supported nested arguments for the `master_instance_group` configuration block:

* `instance_type` - (Required) EC2 instance type for all instances in the instance group.
* `bid_price` - (Optional) Bid price for each EC2 instance in the instance group, expressed in USD. By setting this attribute, the instance group is being declared as a Spot Instance, and will implicitly create a Spot request. Leave this blank to use On-Demand Instances.
* `ebs_config` - (Optional) Configuration block(s) for EBS volumes attached to each instance in the instance group. Detailed below.
* `instance_count` - (Optional) Target number of instances for the instance group. Must be 1 or 3. Defaults to 1. Launching with multiple master nodes is only supported in EMR version 5.23.0+, and requires this resource's `core_instance_group` to be configured. Public (Internet accessible) instances must be created in VPC subnets that have [map public IP on launch](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/aws/r/subnet.html#map_public_ip_on_launch) enabled. Termination protection is automatically enabled when launched with multiple master nodes and this provider must have the `termination_protection = false` configuration applied before destroying this resource.
* `name` - (Optional) Friendly name given to the instance group.

## ebs_config

Attributes for the EBS volumes attached to each EC2 instance in the `instance_group`

* `size` - (Required) The volume size, in gibibytes (GiB).
* `type` - (Required) The volume type. Valid options are `gp2`, `io1`, `standard` and `st1`. See [EBS Volume Types](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/EBSVolumeTypes.html).
* `iops` - (Optional) The number of I/O operations per second (IOPS) that the volume supports
* `volumes_per_instance` - (Optional) The number of EBS volumes with this configuration to attach to each EC2 instance in the instance group (default is 1)

## bootstrap_action

* `name` - (Required) Name of the bootstrap action
* `path` - (Required) Location of the script to run during a bootstrap action. Can be either a location in Amazon S3 or on a local file system
* `args` - (Optional) List of command line arguments to pass to the bootstrap action script

## step

Attributes for step configuration

* `action_on_failure` - (Required) The action to take if the step fails. Valid values: `TERMINATE_JOB_FLOW`, `TERMINATE_CLUSTER`, `CANCEL_AND_WAIT`, and `CONTINUE`
* `hadoop_jar_step` - (Required) The JAR file used for the step. Defined below.
* `name` - (Required) The name of the step.

### hadoop_jar_step

Attributes for Hadoop job step configuration

* `args` - (Optional) List of command line arguments passed to the JAR file's main function when executed.
* `jar` - (Required) Path to a JAR file run during the step.
* `main_class` - (Optional) Name of the main class in the specified Java file. If not specified, the JAR file should specify a Main-Class in its manifest file.
* `properties` - (Optional) Key-Value map of Java properties that are set when the step runs. You can use these properties to pass key value pairs to your main function.

> This content is derived from https://github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-aws/blob/master/website/docs/r/emr_cluster.html.markdown.


## Create a Cluster Resource

{{< langchoose csharp >}}

<div class="highlight"><pre class="chroma"><code class="language-typescript" data-lang="typescript"><span class="k">new</span> <span class="nx"><a href=/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/aws/s3/#Cluster>Cluster</a></span><span class="p">(</span><span class="nx">name</span>: <span class="kt"><a href=https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String>string</a></span><span class="p">,</span> <span class="nx">args</span>: <span class="kt"><a href=/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/aws/s3/#ClusterArgs>ClusterArgs</a></span><span class="p">,</span> <span class="nx">opts?</span>: <span class="kt"><a href=/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/#CustomResourceOptions>pulumi.CustomResourceOptions</a></span><span class="p">);</span></code></pre></div>

```python
def __init__(__self__, resource_name, opts=None, additional_info=None, applications=None, autoscaling_role=None, bootstrap_actions=None, configurations=None, configurations_json=None, core_instance_count=None, core_instance_group=None, core_instance_type=None, custom_ami_id=None, ebs_root_volume_size=None, ec2_attributes=None, instance_groups=None, keep_job_flow_alive_when_no_steps=None, kerberos_attributes=None, log_uri=None, master_instance_group=None, master_instance_type=None, name=None, release_label=None, scale_down_behavior=None, security_configuration=None, service_role=None, step_concurrency_level=None, steps=None, tags=None, termination_protection=None, visible_to_all_users=None, __props__=None)
```

```go
func NewCluster(ctx *pulumi.Context, name string, args *ClusterArgs, opts ...pulumi.ResourceOption) (*Cluster, error)

```

```csharp
public Cluster(string name, ClusterArgs args, CustomResourceOptions? options = null)

```

Creates a Cluster resource with the given unique name, arguments, and options.

{{% lang nodejs %}}
<ul class="pl-10">
    <li><strong>name</strong> &ndash; (Required) The unique name of the resulting resource.</li>
    <li><strong>args</strong> &ndash; (Required) The arguments to use to populate this resource's properties.</li>
    <li><strong>opts</strong> &ndash; (Optional) A bag of options that control this resource's behavior.</li>
</ul>
{{% /lang %}}

{{% lang go %}}
<ul class="pl-10">
    <li><strong>name</strong> &ndash; (Required) The unique name of the resulting resource.</li>
    <li><strong>args</strong> &ndash; (Required) The arguments to use to populate this resource's properties.</li>
    <li><strong>opts</strong> &ndash; (Optional) A bag of options that control this resource's behavior.</li>
</ul>
{{% /lang %}}

{{% lang csharp %}}
<ul class="pl-10">
    <li><strong>name</strong> &ndash; (Required) The unique name of the resulting resource.</li>
    <li><strong>args</strong> &ndash; (Required) The arguments to use to populate this resource's properties.</li>
    <li><strong>opts</strong> &ndash; (Optional) A bag of options that control this resource's behavior.</li>
</ul>
{{% /lang %}}

The following arguments are supported:

<table class="ml-6">
    <thead>
        <tr>
            <th>Argument</th>
            <th>Type</th>
            <th>Description</th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">additional<wbr>Info</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) A JSON string for selecting additional features such as adding proxy information. Note: Currently there is no API to retrieve the value of this argument after EMR cluster creation from provider, therefore this provider cannot detect drift from the actual EMR cluster if its value is changed outside this provider.

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">applications</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>Array&lt;<wbr>string<wbr>&gt;</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) A list of applications for the cluster. Valid values are: `Flink`, `Hadoop`, `Hive`, `Mahout`, `Pig`, `Spark`, and `JupyterHub` (as of EMR 5.14.0). Case insensitive

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">autoscaling<wbr>Role</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) An IAM role for automatic scaling policies. The IAM role provides permissions that the automatic scaling feature requires to launch and terminate EC2 instances in an instance group.

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">bootstrap<wbr>Actions</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>Array&lt;<wbr><a href="#clusterbootstrapaction">Cluster<wbr>Bootstrap<wbr>Action</a><wbr>&gt;</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) List of bootstrap actions that will be run before Hadoop is started on the cluster nodes. Defined below

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">configurations</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) List of configurations supplied for the EMR cluster you are creating

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">configurations<wbr>Json</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) A JSON string for supplying list of configurations for the EMR cluster.

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">core<wbr>Instance<wbr>Count</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>number</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) Use the `core_instance_group` configuration block `instance_count` argument instead. Number of Amazon EC2 instances used to execute the job flow. EMR will use one node as the cluster's master node and use the remainder of the nodes (`core_instance_count`-1) as core nodes. Cannot be specified if `core_instance_group` or `instance_group` configuration blocks are set. Default `1`

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">core<wbr>Instance<wbr>Group</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code><a href="#clustercoreinstancegroup">Cluster<wbr>Core<wbr>Instance<wbr>Group</a></code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) Configuration block to use an [Instance Group](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/emr/latest/ManagementGuide/emr-instance-group-configuration.html#emr-plan-instance-groups) for the [core node type](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/emr/latest/ManagementGuide/emr-master-core-task-nodes.html#emr-plan-core). Cannot be specified if `core_instance_count` argument, `core_instance_type` argument, or `instance_group` configuration blocks are set. Detailed below.

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">core<wbr>Instance<wbr>Type</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) Use the `core_instance_group` configuration block `instance_type` argument instead. The EC2 instance type of the slave nodes. Cannot be specified if `core_instance_group` or `instance_group` configuration blocks are set.

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">custom<wbr>Ami<wbr>Id</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) A custom Amazon Linux AMI for the cluster (instead of an EMR-owned AMI). Available in Amazon EMR version 5.7.0 and later.

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">ebs<wbr>Root<wbr>Volume<wbr>Size</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>number</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) Size in GiB of the EBS root device volume of the Linux AMI that is used for each EC2 instance. Available in Amazon EMR version 4.x and later.

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">ec2Attributes</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code><a href="#clusterec2attributes">Cluster<wbr>Ec2Attributes</a></code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) Attributes for the EC2 instances running the job flow. Defined below

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">instance<wbr>Groups</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>Array&lt;<wbr><a href="#clusterinstancegroup">Cluster<wbr>Instance<wbr>Group</a><wbr>&gt;</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) Use the `master_instance_group` configuration block, `core_instance_group` configuration block and [`aws.emr.InstanceGroup` resource(s)](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/aws/r/emr_instance_group.html) instead. A list of `instance_group` objects for each instance group in the cluster. Exactly one of `master_instance_type` and `instance_group` must be specified. If `instance_group` is set, then it must contain a configuration block for at least the `MASTER` instance group type (as well as any additional instance groups). Cannot be specified if `master_instance_group` or `core_instance_group` configuration blocks are set. Defined below

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">keep<wbr>Job<wbr>Flow<wbr>Alive<wbr>When<wbr>No<wbr>Steps</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>boolean</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) Switch on/off run cluster with no steps or when all steps are complete (default is on)

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">kerberos<wbr>Attributes</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code><a href="#clusterkerberosattributes">Cluster<wbr>Kerberos<wbr>Attributes</a></code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) Kerberos configuration for the cluster. Defined below

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">log<wbr>Uri</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) S3 bucket to write the log files of the job flow. If a value is not provided, logs are not created

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">master<wbr>Instance<wbr>Group</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code><a href="#clustermasterinstancegroup">Cluster<wbr>Master<wbr>Instance<wbr>Group</a></code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) Configuration block to use an [Instance Group](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/emr/latest/ManagementGuide/emr-instance-group-configuration.html#emr-plan-instance-groups) for the [master node type](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/emr/latest/ManagementGuide/emr-master-core-task-nodes.html#emr-plan-master). Cannot be specified if `master_instance_type` argument or `instance_group` configuration blocks are set. Detailed below.

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">master<wbr>Instance<wbr>Type</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) Use the `master_instance_group` configuration block `instance_type` argument instead. The EC2 instance type of the master node. Cannot be specified if `master_instance_group` or `instance_group` configuration blocks are set.

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">name</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) The name of the job flow

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">release<wbr>Label</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Required) The release label for the Amazon EMR release

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">scale<wbr>Down<wbr>Behavior</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) The way that individual Amazon EC2 instances terminate when an automatic scale-in activity occurs or an `instance group` is resized.

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">security<wbr>Configuration</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) The security configuration name to attach to the EMR cluster. Only valid for EMR clusters with `release_label` 4.8.0 or greater

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">service<wbr>Role</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Required) IAM role that will be assumed by the Amazon EMR service to access AWS resources

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">step<wbr>Concurrency<wbr>Level</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>number</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) The number of steps that can be executed concurrently. You can specify a maximum of 256 steps. Only valid for EMR clusters with `release_label` 5.28.0 or greater. (default is 1)

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">steps</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>Array&lt;<wbr><a href="#clusterstep">Cluster<wbr>Step</a><wbr>&gt;</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) List of steps to run when creating the cluster. Defined below. It is highly recommended to utilize the [lifecycle configuration block](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/resources.html) with `ignore_changes` if other steps are being managed outside of this provider. This argument is processed in [attribute-as-blocks mode](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/attr-as-blocks.html).

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">tags</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>Map&lt;<wbr>any<wbr>&gt;</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) list of tags to apply to the EMR Cluster

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">termination<wbr>Protection</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>boolean</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) Switch on/off termination protection (default is `false`, except when using multiple master nodes). Before attempting to destroy the resource when termination protection is enabled, this configuration must be applied with its value set to `false`.

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">visible<wbr>To<wbr>All<wbr>Users</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>boolean</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) Whether the job flow is visible to all IAM users of the AWS account associated with the job flow. Default `true`

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

## Cluster Output Properties

The following output properties are available:

<table class="ml-6">
    <thead>
        <tr>
            <th>Argument</th>
            <th>Type</th>
            <th>Description</th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">additional<wbr>Info</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
A JSON string for selecting additional features such as adding proxy information. Note: Currently there is no API to retrieve the value of this argument after EMR cluster creation from provider, therefore this provider cannot detect drift from the actual EMR cluster if its value is changed outside this provider.

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">applications</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>Array&lt;<wbr>string<wbr>&gt;</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
A list of applications for the cluster. Valid values are: `Flink`, `Hadoop`, `Hive`, `Mahout`, `Pig`, `Spark`, and `JupyterHub` (as of EMR 5.14.0). Case insensitive

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">arn</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">autoscaling<wbr>Role</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
An IAM role for automatic scaling policies. The IAM role provides permissions that the automatic scaling feature requires to launch and terminate EC2 instances in an instance group.

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">bootstrap<wbr>Actions</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>Array&lt;<wbr><a href="#clusterbootstrapaction">Cluster<wbr>Bootstrap<wbr>Action</a><wbr>&gt;</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
List of bootstrap actions that will be run before Hadoop is started on the cluster nodes. Defined below

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">cluster<wbr>State</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">configurations</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
List of configurations supplied for the EMR cluster you are creating

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">configurations<wbr>Json</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
A JSON string for supplying list of configurations for the EMR cluster.

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">core<wbr>Instance<wbr>Count</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>number</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
Use the `core_instance_group` configuration block `instance_count` argument instead. Number of Amazon EC2 instances used to execute the job flow. EMR will use one node as the cluster's master node and use the remainder of the nodes (`core_instance_count`-1) as core nodes. Cannot be specified if `core_instance_group` or `instance_group` configuration blocks are set. Default `1`

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">core<wbr>Instance<wbr>Group</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code><a href="#clustercoreinstancegroup">Cluster<wbr>Core<wbr>Instance<wbr>Group</a></code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
Configuration block to use an [Instance Group](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/emr/latest/ManagementGuide/emr-instance-group-configuration.html#emr-plan-instance-groups) for the [core node type](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/emr/latest/ManagementGuide/emr-master-core-task-nodes.html#emr-plan-core). Cannot be specified if `core_instance_count` argument, `core_instance_type` argument, or `instance_group` configuration blocks are set. Detailed below.

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">core<wbr>Instance<wbr>Type</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
Use the `core_instance_group` configuration block `instance_type` argument instead. The EC2 instance type of the slave nodes. Cannot be specified if `core_instance_group` or `instance_group` configuration blocks are set.

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">custom<wbr>Ami<wbr>Id</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
A custom Amazon Linux AMI for the cluster (instead of an EMR-owned AMI). Available in Amazon EMR version 5.7.0 and later.

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">ebs<wbr>Root<wbr>Volume<wbr>Size</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>number</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
Size in GiB of the EBS root device volume of the Linux AMI that is used for each EC2 instance. Available in Amazon EMR version 4.x and later.

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">ec2Attributes</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code><a href="#clusterec2attributes">Cluster<wbr>Ec2Attributes</a></code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
Attributes for the EC2 instances running the job flow. Defined below

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">instance<wbr>Groups</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>Array&lt;<wbr><a href="#clusterinstancegroup">Cluster<wbr>Instance<wbr>Group</a><wbr>&gt;</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
Use the `master_instance_group` configuration block, `core_instance_group` configuration block and [`aws.emr.InstanceGroup` resource(s)](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/aws/r/emr_instance_group.html) instead. A list of `instance_group` objects for each instance group in the cluster. Exactly one of `master_instance_type` and `instance_group` must be specified. If `instance_group` is set, then it must contain a configuration block for at least the `MASTER` instance group type (as well as any additional instance groups). Cannot be specified if `master_instance_group` or `core_instance_group` configuration blocks are set. Defined below

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">keep<wbr>Job<wbr>Flow<wbr>Alive<wbr>When<wbr>No<wbr>Steps</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>boolean</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
Switch on/off run cluster with no steps or when all steps are complete (default is on)

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">kerberos<wbr>Attributes</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code><a href="#clusterkerberosattributes">Cluster<wbr>Kerberos<wbr>Attributes</a></code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
Kerberos configuration for the cluster. Defined below

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">log<wbr>Uri</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
S3 bucket to write the log files of the job flow. If a value is not provided, logs are not created

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">master<wbr>Instance<wbr>Group</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code><a href="#clustermasterinstancegroup">Cluster<wbr>Master<wbr>Instance<wbr>Group</a></code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
Configuration block to use an [Instance Group](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/emr/latest/ManagementGuide/emr-instance-group-configuration.html#emr-plan-instance-groups) for the [master node type](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/emr/latest/ManagementGuide/emr-master-core-task-nodes.html#emr-plan-master). Cannot be specified if `master_instance_type` argument or `instance_group` configuration blocks are set. Detailed below.

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">master<wbr>Instance<wbr>Type</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
Use the `master_instance_group` configuration block `instance_type` argument instead. The EC2 instance type of the master node. Cannot be specified if `master_instance_group` or `instance_group` configuration blocks are set.

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">master<wbr>Public<wbr>Dns</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
The public DNS name of the master EC2 instance.
* `core_instance_group.0.id` - Core node type Instance Group ID, if using Instance Group for this node type.

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">name</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
The name of the job flow

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">release<wbr>Label</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
The release label for the Amazon EMR release

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">scale<wbr>Down<wbr>Behavior</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
The way that individual Amazon EC2 instances terminate when an automatic scale-in activity occurs or an `instance group` is resized.

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">security<wbr>Configuration</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
The security configuration name to attach to the EMR cluster. Only valid for EMR clusters with `release_label` 4.8.0 or greater

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">service<wbr>Role</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
IAM role that will be assumed by the Amazon EMR service to access AWS resources

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">step<wbr>Concurrency<wbr>Level</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>number</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
The number of steps that can be executed concurrently. You can specify a maximum of 256 steps. Only valid for EMR clusters with `release_label` 5.28.0 or greater. (default is 1)

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">steps</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>Array&lt;<wbr><a href="#clusterstep">Cluster<wbr>Step</a><wbr>&gt;</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
List of steps to run when creating the cluster. Defined below. It is highly recommended to utilize the [lifecycle configuration block](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/resources.html) with `ignore_changes` if other steps are being managed outside of this provider. This argument is processed in [attribute-as-blocks mode](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/attr-as-blocks.html).

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">tags</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>Map&lt;<wbr>any<wbr>&gt;</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
list of tags to apply to the EMR Cluster

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">termination<wbr>Protection</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>boolean</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
Switch on/off termination protection (default is `false`, except when using multiple master nodes). Before attempting to destroy the resource when termination protection is enabled, this configuration must be applied with its value set to `false`.

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">visible<wbr>To<wbr>All<wbr>Users</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>boolean</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
Whether the job flow is visible to all IAM users of the AWS account associated with the job flow. Default `true`

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

## Look up an Existing Cluster Resource

{{< langchoose csharp >}}

```typescript
public static get(name: string, id: pulumi.Input<pulumi.ID>, state?: ClusterState, opts?: pulumi.CustomResourceOptions): Cluster;
```

```python
def get(resource_name, id, opts=None, acceleration_status=None, acl=None, arn=None, bucket=None, bucket_domain_name=None, bucket_prefix=None, bucket_regional_domain_name=None, cors_rules=None, force_destroy=None, hosted_zone_id=None, lifecycle_rules=None, loggings=None, object_lock_configuration=None, policy=None, region=None, replication_configuration=None, request_payer=None, server_side_encryption_configuration=None, tags=None, versioning=None, website=None, website_domain=None, website_endpoint=None)
```

```go
func GetBucket(ctx *pulumi.Context, name string, id pulumi.IDInput, state *BucketState, opts ...pulumi.ResourceOption) (*Bucket, error)
```

```csharp
public static Bucket Get(string name, Input<string> id, BucketState? state = null, CustomResourceOptions? options = null);
```

Get an existing Cluster resource's state with the given name, ID, and optional extra
properties used to qualify the lookup.

{{% lang nodejs %}}
<ul class="pl-10">
    <li><strong>name</strong> &ndash; (Required) The unique name of the resulting resource.</li>
    <li><strong>id</strong> &ndash; (Required) The _unique_ provider ID of the resource to lookup.</li>
    <li><strong>state</strong> &ndash; (Optional) Any extra arguments used during the lookup.</li>
    <li><strong>opts</strong> &ndash; (Optional) A bag of options that control this resource's behavior.</li>
</ul>
{{% /lang %}}

{{% lang go %}}
<ul class="pl-10">
    <li><strong>name</strong> &ndash; (Required) The unique name of the resulting resource.</li>
    <li><strong>id</strong> &ndash; (Required) The _unique_ provider ID of the resource to lookup.</li>
    <li><strong>state</strong> &ndash; (Optional) Any extra arguments used during the lookup.</li>
    <li><strong>opts</strong> &ndash; (Optional) A bag of options that control this resource's behavior.</li>
</ul>
{{% /lang %}}

{{% lang csharp %}}
<ul class="pl-10">
    <li><strong>name</strong> &ndash; (Required) The unique name of the resulting resource.</li>
    <li><strong>id</strong> &ndash; (Required) The _unique_ provider ID of the resource to lookup.</li>
    <li><strong>state</strong> &ndash; (Optional) Any extra arguments used during the lookup.</li>
    <li><strong>opts</strong> &ndash; (Optional) A bag of options that control this resource's behavior.</li>
</ul>
{{% /lang %}}

The following state arguments are supported:

<table class="ml-6">
    <thead>
        <tr>
            <th>Argument</th>
            <th>Type</th>
            <th>Description</th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">additional<wbr>Info</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) A JSON string for selecting additional features such as adding proxy information. Note: Currently there is no API to retrieve the value of this argument after EMR cluster creation from provider, therefore this provider cannot detect drift from the actual EMR cluster if its value is changed outside this provider.

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">applications</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>Array&lt;<wbr>string<wbr>&gt;</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) A list of applications for the cluster. Valid values are: `Flink`, `Hadoop`, `Hive`, `Mahout`, `Pig`, `Spark`, and `JupyterHub` (as of EMR 5.14.0). Case insensitive

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">arn</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">autoscaling<wbr>Role</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) An IAM role for automatic scaling policies. The IAM role provides permissions that the automatic scaling feature requires to launch and terminate EC2 instances in an instance group.

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">bootstrap<wbr>Actions</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>Array&lt;<wbr><a href="#clusterbootstrapaction">Cluster<wbr>Bootstrap<wbr>Action</a><wbr>&gt;</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) List of bootstrap actions that will be run before Hadoop is started on the cluster nodes. Defined below

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">cluster<wbr>State</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">configurations</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) List of configurations supplied for the EMR cluster you are creating

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">configurations<wbr>Json</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) A JSON string for supplying list of configurations for the EMR cluster.

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">core<wbr>Instance<wbr>Count</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>number</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) Use the `core_instance_group` configuration block `instance_count` argument instead. Number of Amazon EC2 instances used to execute the job flow. EMR will use one node as the cluster's master node and use the remainder of the nodes (`core_instance_count`-1) as core nodes. Cannot be specified if `core_instance_group` or `instance_group` configuration blocks are set. Default `1`

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">core<wbr>Instance<wbr>Group</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code><a href="#clustercoreinstancegroup">Cluster<wbr>Core<wbr>Instance<wbr>Group</a></code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) Configuration block to use an [Instance Group](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/emr/latest/ManagementGuide/emr-instance-group-configuration.html#emr-plan-instance-groups) for the [core node type](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/emr/latest/ManagementGuide/emr-master-core-task-nodes.html#emr-plan-core). Cannot be specified if `core_instance_count` argument, `core_instance_type` argument, or `instance_group` configuration blocks are set. Detailed below.

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">core<wbr>Instance<wbr>Type</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) Use the `core_instance_group` configuration block `instance_type` argument instead. The EC2 instance type of the slave nodes. Cannot be specified if `core_instance_group` or `instance_group` configuration blocks are set.

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">custom<wbr>Ami<wbr>Id</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) A custom Amazon Linux AMI for the cluster (instead of an EMR-owned AMI). Available in Amazon EMR version 5.7.0 and later.

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">ebs<wbr>Root<wbr>Volume<wbr>Size</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>number</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) Size in GiB of the EBS root device volume of the Linux AMI that is used for each EC2 instance. Available in Amazon EMR version 4.x and later.

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">ec2Attributes</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code><a href="#clusterec2attributes">Cluster<wbr>Ec2Attributes</a></code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) Attributes for the EC2 instances running the job flow. Defined below

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">instance<wbr>Groups</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>Array&lt;<wbr><a href="#clusterinstancegroup">Cluster<wbr>Instance<wbr>Group</a><wbr>&gt;</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) Use the `master_instance_group` configuration block, `core_instance_group` configuration block and [`aws.emr.InstanceGroup` resource(s)](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/aws/r/emr_instance_group.html) instead. A list of `instance_group` objects for each instance group in the cluster. Exactly one of `master_instance_type` and `instance_group` must be specified. If `instance_group` is set, then it must contain a configuration block for at least the `MASTER` instance group type (as well as any additional instance groups). Cannot be specified if `master_instance_group` or `core_instance_group` configuration blocks are set. Defined below

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">keep<wbr>Job<wbr>Flow<wbr>Alive<wbr>When<wbr>No<wbr>Steps</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>boolean</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) Switch on/off run cluster with no steps or when all steps are complete (default is on)

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">kerberos<wbr>Attributes</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code><a href="#clusterkerberosattributes">Cluster<wbr>Kerberos<wbr>Attributes</a></code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) Kerberos configuration for the cluster. Defined below

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">log<wbr>Uri</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) S3 bucket to write the log files of the job flow. If a value is not provided, logs are not created

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">master<wbr>Instance<wbr>Group</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code><a href="#clustermasterinstancegroup">Cluster<wbr>Master<wbr>Instance<wbr>Group</a></code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) Configuration block to use an [Instance Group](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/emr/latest/ManagementGuide/emr-instance-group-configuration.html#emr-plan-instance-groups) for the [master node type](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/emr/latest/ManagementGuide/emr-master-core-task-nodes.html#emr-plan-master). Cannot be specified if `master_instance_type` argument or `instance_group` configuration blocks are set. Detailed below.

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">master<wbr>Instance<wbr>Type</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) Use the `master_instance_group` configuration block `instance_type` argument instead. The EC2 instance type of the master node. Cannot be specified if `master_instance_group` or `instance_group` configuration blocks are set.

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">master<wbr>Public<wbr>Dns</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) The public DNS name of the master EC2 instance.
* `core_instance_group.0.id` - Core node type Instance Group ID, if using Instance Group for this node type.

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">name</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) The name of the job flow

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">release<wbr>Label</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) The release label for the Amazon EMR release

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">scale<wbr>Down<wbr>Behavior</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) The way that individual Amazon EC2 instances terminate when an automatic scale-in activity occurs or an `instance group` is resized.

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">security<wbr>Configuration</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) The security configuration name to attach to the EMR cluster. Only valid for EMR clusters with `release_label` 4.8.0 or greater

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">service<wbr>Role</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) IAM role that will be assumed by the Amazon EMR service to access AWS resources

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">step<wbr>Concurrency<wbr>Level</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>number</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) The number of steps that can be executed concurrently. You can specify a maximum of 256 steps. Only valid for EMR clusters with `release_label` 5.28.0 or greater. (default is 1)

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">steps</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>Array&lt;<wbr><a href="#clusterstep">Cluster<wbr>Step</a><wbr>&gt;</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) List of steps to run when creating the cluster. Defined below. It is highly recommended to utilize the [lifecycle configuration block](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/resources.html) with `ignore_changes` if other steps are being managed outside of this provider. This argument is processed in [attribute-as-blocks mode](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/attr-as-blocks.html).

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">tags</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>Map&lt;<wbr>any<wbr>&gt;</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) list of tags to apply to the EMR Cluster

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">termination<wbr>Protection</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>boolean</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) Switch on/off termination protection (default is `false`, except when using multiple master nodes). Before attempting to destroy the resource when termination protection is enabled, this configuration must be applied with its value set to `false`.

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">visible<wbr>To<wbr>All<wbr>Users</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>boolean</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) Whether the job flow is visible to all IAM users of the AWS account associated with the job flow. Default `true`

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

## Import an Existing Cluster Resource

TODO

## Support Types

#### ClusterBootstrapAction

<table class="ml-6">
    <thead>
        <tr>
            <th>Argument</th>
            <th>Type</th>
            <th>Description</th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">args</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>Array&lt;<wbr>string<wbr>&gt;</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">name</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Required) The name of the job flow

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">path</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Required) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

#### ClusterCoreInstanceGroup

<table class="ml-6">
    <thead>
        <tr>
            <th>Argument</th>
            <th>Type</th>
            <th>Description</th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">autoscaling<wbr>Policy</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">bid<wbr>Price</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">ebs<wbr>Configs</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>Array&lt;<wbr><a href="#clustercoreinstancegroupebsconfig">Cluster<wbr>Core<wbr>Instance<wbr>Group<wbr>Ebs<wbr>Config</a><wbr>&gt;</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">id</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) The ID of the EMR Cluster

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">instance<wbr>Count</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>number</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">instance<wbr>Type</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Required) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">name</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) The name of the job flow

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

#### ClusterCoreInstanceGroupEbsConfig

<table class="ml-6">
    <thead>
        <tr>
            <th>Argument</th>
            <th>Type</th>
            <th>Description</th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">iops</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>number</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">size</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>number</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Required) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">type</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Required) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">volumes<wbr>Per<wbr>Instance</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>number</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

#### ClusterEc2Attributes

<table class="ml-6">
    <thead>
        <tr>
            <th>Argument</th>
            <th>Type</th>
            <th>Description</th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">additional<wbr>Master<wbr>Security<wbr>Groups</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">additional<wbr>Slave<wbr>Security<wbr>Groups</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">emr<wbr>Managed<wbr>Master<wbr>Security<wbr>Group</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">emr<wbr>Managed<wbr>Slave<wbr>Security<wbr>Group</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">instance<wbr>Profile</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Required) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">key<wbr>Name</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">service<wbr>Access<wbr>Security<wbr>Group</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">subnet<wbr>Id</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

#### ClusterInstanceGroup

<table class="ml-6">
    <thead>
        <tr>
            <th>Argument</th>
            <th>Type</th>
            <th>Description</th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">autoscaling<wbr>Policy</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">bid<wbr>Price</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">ebs<wbr>Configs</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>Array&lt;<wbr><a href="#clusterinstancegroupebsconfig">Cluster<wbr>Instance<wbr>Group<wbr>Ebs<wbr>Config</a><wbr>&gt;</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">id</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) The ID of the EMR Cluster

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">instance<wbr>Count</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>number</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">instance<wbr>Role</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Required) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">instance<wbr>Type</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Required) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">name</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) The name of the job flow

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

#### ClusterInstanceGroupEbsConfig

<table class="ml-6">
    <thead>
        <tr>
            <th>Argument</th>
            <th>Type</th>
            <th>Description</th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">iops</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>number</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">size</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>number</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Required) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">type</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Required) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">volumes<wbr>Per<wbr>Instance</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>number</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

#### ClusterKerberosAttributes

<table class="ml-6">
    <thead>
        <tr>
            <th>Argument</th>
            <th>Type</th>
            <th>Description</th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">ad<wbr>Domain<wbr>Join<wbr>Password</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">ad<wbr>Domain<wbr>Join<wbr>User</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">cross<wbr>Realm<wbr>Trust<wbr>Principal<wbr>Password</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">kdc<wbr>Admin<wbr>Password</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Required) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">realm</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Required) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

#### ClusterMasterInstanceGroup

<table class="ml-6">
    <thead>
        <tr>
            <th>Argument</th>
            <th>Type</th>
            <th>Description</th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">bid<wbr>Price</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">ebs<wbr>Configs</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>Array&lt;<wbr><a href="#clustermasterinstancegroupebsconfig">Cluster<wbr>Master<wbr>Instance<wbr>Group<wbr>Ebs<wbr>Config</a><wbr>&gt;</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">id</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) The ID of the EMR Cluster

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">instance<wbr>Count</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>number</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">instance<wbr>Type</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Required) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">name</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) The name of the job flow

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

#### ClusterMasterInstanceGroupEbsConfig

<table class="ml-6">
    <thead>
        <tr>
            <th>Argument</th>
            <th>Type</th>
            <th>Description</th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">iops</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>number</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">size</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>number</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Required) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">type</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Required) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">volumes<wbr>Per<wbr>Instance</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>number</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

#### ClusterStep

<table class="ml-6">
    <thead>
        <tr>
            <th>Argument</th>
            <th>Type</th>
            <th>Description</th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">action<wbr>On<wbr>Failure</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Required) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">hadoop<wbr>Jar<wbr>Step</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code><a href="#clusterstephadoopjarstep">Cluster<wbr>Step<wbr>Hadoop<wbr>Jar<wbr>Step</a></code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Required) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">name</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Required) The name of the job flow

{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

#### ClusterStepHadoopJarStep

<table class="ml-6">
    <thead>
        <tr>
            <th>Argument</th>
            <th>Type</th>
            <th>Description</th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">args</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>Array&lt;<wbr>string<wbr>&gt;</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">jar</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Required) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">main<wbr>Class</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>string</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td class="align-top">properties</td>
            <td class="align-top"><code>Map&lt;<wbr>any<wbr>&gt;</code></td>
            <td class="align-top">{{% md %}}
(Optional) 
{{% /md %}}</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

