---
title: "esc env | CLI commands"
aliases:
  - /docs/reference/cli/esc_env/
meta_desc: "Manage Pulumi ESC environments. Create, configure, and organize your environment definitions."
---



Manage environments

## Synopsis

Manage environments

An environment is a named collection of possibly-secret, possibly-dynamic data.
Each environment has a definition and may be opened in order to access its contents.
Opening an environment may involve generating new dynamic data.

To begin working with environments, run the `env init` command:

    env init

This will prompt you to create a new environment to hold secrets and configuration.

For more information, please visit the project page: https://www.pulumi.com/docs/esc

## Options

```
      --env string   The name of the environment to operate on.
  -h, --help         help for env
```

## SEE ALSO

* [esc](/docs/esc/cli/commands/esc/)	 - Pulumi ESC command line
* [esc env clone](/docs/esc/cli/commands/esc_env_clone/)	 - Clone an existing environment into a new environment.
* [esc env diff](/docs/esc/cli/commands/esc_env_diff/)	 - Show changes between versions.
* [esc env edit](/docs/esc/cli/commands/esc_env_edit/)	 - Edit an environment definition
* [esc env get](/docs/esc/cli/commands/esc_env_get/)	 - Get a value within an environment.
* [esc env init](/docs/esc/cli/commands/esc_env_init/)	 - Create an empty environment with the given name.
* [esc env ls](/docs/esc/cli/commands/esc_env_ls/)	 - List environments.
* [esc env open](/docs/esc/cli/commands/esc_env_open/)	 - Open the environment with the given name.
* [esc env open-request](/docs/esc/cli/commands/esc_env_open-request/)	 - Create a request for opening a protected environment.
* [esc env rm](/docs/esc/cli/commands/esc_env_rm/)	 - Remove an environment or a value from an environment.
* [esc env rotate](/docs/esc/cli/commands/esc_env_rotate/)	 - Rotate secrets in an environment
* [esc env run](/docs/esc/cli/commands/esc_env_run/)	 - Open the environment with the given name and run a command.
* [esc env set](/docs/esc/cli/commands/esc_env_set/)	 - Set a value within an environment.
* [esc env settings](/docs/esc/cli/commands/esc_env_settings/)	 - Manage environment settings
* [esc env tag](/docs/esc/cli/commands/esc_env_tag/)	 - Manage environment tags
* [esc env version](/docs/esc/cli/commands/esc_env_version/)	 - Manage versions

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 10-Feb-2026
