content/docs/get-started/gcp/review-project.md, before:

---
title: Review the New Project | GCP
h1: Review the New Project
linktitle: Review the New Project
meta_desc: This page provides an overview on how to a review a new GCP project.
weight: 6
menu:
  getstarted:
    parent: gcp
    identifier: gcp-review-project

aliases: ["/docs/quickstart/gcp/review-project/"]
---

Let's review some of the generated project files:

- `Pulumi.yaml` defines the [project]({{< relref "/docs/intro/concepts/project" >}}).
- `Pulumi.dev.yaml` contains [configuration]({{< relref "/docs/intro/concepts/config" >}}) values for the [stack]({{< relref "/docs/intro/concepts/stack" >}}) we initialized.
- {{< langfile >}} is the Pulumi program that defines our stack resources. Let's examine it.

{{< langchoose csharp >}}

```javascript
"use strict";
const pulumi = require("@pulumi/pulumi");
const gcp = require("@pulumi/gcp");

// Create a GCP resource (Storage Bucket)
const bucket = new gcp.storage.Bucket("my-bucket");

// Export the DNS name of the bucket
exports.bucketName = bucket.url;
```

```typescript
import * as pulumi from "@pulumi/pulumi";
import * as gcp from "@pulumi/gcp";

// Create a GCP resource (Storage Bucket)
const bucket = new gcp.storage.Bucket("my-bucket");

// Export the DNS name of the bucket
export const bucketName = bucket.url;
```

```python
import pulumi
from pulumi_gcp import storage

# Create a GCP resource (Storage Bucket)
bucket = storage.Bucket('my-bucket')

# Export the DNS name of the bucket
pulumi.export('bucket_name',  bucket.url)
```

```go
package main

import (
    "github.com/pulumi/pulumi-gcp/sdk/go/gcp/storage"
    "github.com/pulumi/pulumi/sdk/go/pulumi"
)

func main() {
    pulumi.Run(func(ctx *pulumi.Context) error {
        // Create a GCP resource (Storage Bucket)
        bucket, err := storage.NewBucket(ctx, "my-bucket", nil)
        if err != nil {
            return err
        }

        // Export the DNS name of the bucket
        ctx.Export("bucketName", bucket.Url())
        return nil
    })
}
```

```csharp
using System.Collections.Generic;
using System.Threading.Tasks;
using Pulumi;
using Pulumi.Gcp.Storage;

class Program
{
    static Task Main()
    {
        return Deployment.RunAsync(() =>
        {
            // Create a GCP resource (Storage Bucket)
            var bucket = new Storage.Bucket("my-bucket");

            // Export the DNS name of the bucket
            return new Dictionary<string, object> {
                { "bucket_name", bucket.Url },
            };
        });
    }
}
```

This Pulumi program creates a storage bucket and exports the bucket URL.

{{% lang python %}}
For Python, before we deploy the stack, the following commands need to be run to create a virtual environment, activate it, and install dependencies:

```bash
$ virtualenv -p python3 venv
```

```bash
$ source venv/bin/activate
```

```bash
$ pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```

{{% /lang %}}

{{% lang go %}}
For Go, before we can deploy the stack, you will need to initialize your project's dependencies. Any dependency manager can be used, including Go's built-in module system:

```bash
$ go mod init
```

{{% /lang %}}

Next, we'll deploy the stack.

{{< get-started-stepper >}}

Commit message:

Move Go steps to pages with tabs
Because our language chooser doesn't show/hide language
elements for pages without tabs, some Go steps are hidden.
We tried to make that logic apply even when tabs aren't present,
but that had unintented consequences for regular content like
blogs. So, just move those steps to pages with tabs on them.

content/docs/get-started/gcp/review-project.md, after:

---
title: Review the New Project | GCP
h1: Review the New Project
linktitle: Review the New Project
meta_desc: This page provides an overview on how to a review a new GCP project.
weight: 6
menu:
  getstarted:
    parent: gcp
    identifier: gcp-review-project

aliases: ["/docs/quickstart/gcp/review-project/"]
---

Let's review some of the generated project files:

- `Pulumi.yaml` defines the [project]({{< relref "/docs/intro/concepts/project" >}}).
- `Pulumi.dev.yaml` contains [configuration]({{< relref "/docs/intro/concepts/config" >}}) values for the [stack]({{< relref "/docs/intro/concepts/stack" >}}) we initialized.
- {{< langfile >}} is the Pulumi program that defines our stack resources. Let's examine it.

{{< langchoose csharp >}}

```javascript
"use strict";
const pulumi = require("@pulumi/pulumi");
const gcp = require("@pulumi/gcp");

// Create a GCP resource (Storage Bucket)
const bucket = new gcp.storage.Bucket("my-bucket");

// Export the DNS name of the bucket
exports.bucketName = bucket.url;
```

```typescript
import * as pulumi from "@pulumi/pulumi";
import * as gcp from "@pulumi/gcp";

// Create a GCP resource (Storage Bucket)
const bucket = new gcp.storage.Bucket("my-bucket");

// Export the DNS name of the bucket
export const bucketName = bucket.url;
```

```python
import pulumi
from pulumi_gcp import storage

# Create a GCP resource (Storage Bucket)
bucket = storage.Bucket('my-bucket')

# Export the DNS name of the bucket
pulumi.export('bucket_name',  bucket.url)
```

```go
package main

import (
    "github.com/pulumi/pulumi-gcp/sdk/go/gcp/storage"
    "github.com/pulumi/pulumi/sdk/go/pulumi"
)

func main() {
    pulumi.Run(func(ctx *pulumi.Context) error {
        // Create a GCP resource (Storage Bucket)
        bucket, err := storage.NewBucket(ctx, "my-bucket", nil)
        if err != nil {
            return err
        }

        // Export the DNS name of the bucket
        ctx.Export("bucketName", bucket.Url())
        return nil
    })
}
```

```csharp
using System.Collections.Generic;
using System.Threading.Tasks;
using Pulumi;
using Pulumi.Gcp.Storage;

class Program
{
    static Task Main()
    {
        return Deployment.RunAsync(() =>
        {
            // Create a GCP resource (Storage Bucket)
            var bucket = new Storage.Bucket("my-bucket");

            // Export the DNS name of the bucket
            return new Dictionary<string, object> {
                { "bucket_name", bucket.Url },
            };
        });
    }
}
```

This Pulumi program creates a storage bucket and exports the bucket URL.

{{% lang python %}}
For Python, before we deploy the stack, the following commands need to be run to create a virtual environment, activate it, and install dependencies:

```bash
$ virtualenv -p python3 venv
```

```bash
$ source venv/bin/activate
```

```bash
$ pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```

{{% /lang %}}

{{% lang go %}}
For Go, before we can deploy the stack, you will need to initialize your project's dependencies. Any dependency manager can be used, including Go's built-in module system:

```bash
$ go mod init
```

Because Go is a compiled language, you first need to compile it:

```bash
$ go build $(basename $(pwd))
```

This instructs Go to create a binary whose name is the same as your directory. It needs to match your project name.
{{% /lang %}}

Next, we'll deploy the stack.

{{< get-started-stepper >}}
