---
title: Module ebs
---

<!-- WARNING: this page was generated by a tool. Do not edit it by hand. -->
<!-- To change it, please see https://github.com/pulumi/docs/tree/master/tools/tscdocgen. -->

<a href="../index.html">@pulumi/awsx</a> &gt; ebs

<div class="toggleVisible" markdown="1">
<div class="collapsed" markdown="1">
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header toggleButton" title="Click to show Index">Index ▹</h2>
</div>
<div class="expanded" markdown="1">
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header toggleButton" title="Click to hide Index">Index ▾</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents" markdown="1">
* <a href="#burstBalance">function burstBalance</a>
* <a href="#metric">function metric</a>
* <a href="#volumeConsumedReadWriteOps">function volumeConsumedReadWriteOps</a>
* <a href="#volumeIdleTime">function volumeIdleTime</a>
* <a href="#volumeQueueLength">function volumeQueueLength</a>
* <a href="#volumeReadBytes">function volumeReadBytes</a>
* <a href="#volumeReadOps">function volumeReadOps</a>
* <a href="#volumeThroughputPercentage">function volumeThroughputPercentage</a>
* <a href="#volumeTotalReadTime">function volumeTotalReadTime</a>
* <a href="#volumeTotalWriteTime">function volumeTotalWriteTime</a>
* <a href="#volumeWriteBytes">function volumeWriteBytes</a>
* <a href="#volumeWriteOps">function volumeWriteOps</a>
* <a href="#EbsMetricChange">interface EbsMetricChange</a>
* <a href="#EbsMetricName">type EbsMetricName</a>

<a href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/ebs/metrics.ts">ebs/metrics.ts</a> 
</div>
</div>
</div>


<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="burstBalance">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/ebs/metrics.ts#L283">function <b>burstBalance</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents" markdown="1">

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>burstBalance(change?: <a href='#EbsMetricChange'>EbsMetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


Used with General Purpose SSD (gp2), Throughput Optimized HDD (st1), and Cold HDD (sc1)
volumes only. Provides information about the percentage of I/O credits (for gp2) or
throughput credits (for st1 and sc1) remaining in the burst bucket. Data is reported to
CloudWatch only when the volume is active. If the volume is not attached, no data is
reported.

The Sum statistic on this metric is not relevant for volumes attached to Nitro-based
instances.

For a volume 1 TiB or larger, baseline performance is higher than maximum burst performance,
so I/O credits are never spent. If the volume is attached to a Nitro-based instance, the
burst balance is not reported. For a non-Nitro-based instance, the reported burst balance is
100%.

Units: Percent

</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="metric">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/ebs/metrics.ts#L81">function <b>metric</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents" markdown="1">

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>metric(metricName: <a href='#EbsMetricName'>EbsMetricName</a>, change: <a href='#EbsMetricChange'>EbsMetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


Creates an AWS/EBS metric with the requested [metricName]. See
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/monitoring-volume-status.html for list of all
metric-names.

Note, individual metrics can easily be obtained without supplying the name using the other
[metricXXX] functions.

Amazon Web Services (AWS) automatically provides data, such as Amazon CloudWatch metrics and
volume status checks, that you can use to monitor your Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
volumes.

CloudWatch metrics are statistical data that you can use to view, analyze, and set alarms on the
operational behavior of your volumes.

The following table describes the types of monitoring data available for your Amazon EBS volumes.

* Basic: Data is available automatically in 5-minute periods at no charge. This includes data for
  the root device volumes for EBS-backed instances.

* Detailed: Provisioned IOPS SSD (io1) volumes automatically send one-minute metrics to
  CloudWatch.

When you get data from CloudWatch, you can include a Period request parameter to specify the
granularity of the returned data. This is different than the period that we use when we collect
the data (5-minute periods). We recommend that you specify a period in your request that is equal
to or larger than the collection period to ensure that the returned data is valid.

You can get the data using either the CloudWatch API or the Amazon EC2 console. The console takes
the raw data from the CloudWatch API and displays a series of graphs based on the data. Depending
on your needs, you might prefer to use either the data from the API or the graphs in the console.
Amazon EBS Metrics

Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) sends data points to CloudWatch for several metrics.
Amazon EBS General Purpose SSD (gp2), Throughput Optimized HDD (st1) , Cold HDD (sc1), and
Magnetic (standard) volumes automatically send five-minute metrics to CloudWatch. Provisioned
IOPS SSD (io1) volumes automatically send one-minute metrics to CloudWatch. Data is only reported
to CloudWatch when the volume is attached to an instance.

Some of these metrics have differences on Nitro-based instances. For a list of instance types
based on the Nitro system, see
[Nitro-based-Instances](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/instance-types.html#ec2-nitro-instances).

The only dimension that Amazon EBS sends to CloudWatch is the volume ID. This means that all
available statistics are filtered by volume ID.

</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="volumeConsumedReadWriteOps">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/ebs/metrics.ts#L262">function <b>volumeConsumedReadWriteOps</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents" markdown="1">

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>volumeConsumedReadWriteOps(change?: <a href='#EbsMetricChange'>EbsMetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


Used with Provisioned IOPS SSD volumes only. The total amount of read and write operations
(normalized to 256K capacity units) consumed in a specified period of time.

I/O operations that are smaller than 256K each count as 1 consumed IOPS. I/O operations that
are larger than 256K are counted in 256K capacity units. For example, a 1024K I/O would count
as 4 consumed IOPS.

Units: Count

</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="volumeIdleTime">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/ebs/metrics.ts#L214">function <b>volumeIdleTime</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents" markdown="1">

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>volumeIdleTime(change?: <a href='#EbsMetricChange'>EbsMetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


The total number of seconds in a specified period of time when no read or write operations
were submitted.

The Average statistic on this metric is not relevant for volumes attached to Nitro-based
instances.

The Minimum and Maximum statistics on this metric are supported only by volumes attached to
Nitro-based instances.

Units: Seconds

</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="volumeQueueLength">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/ebs/metrics.ts#L230">function <b>volumeQueueLength</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents" markdown="1">

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>volumeQueueLength(change?: <a href='#EbsMetricChange'>EbsMetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


The number of read and write operation requests waiting to be completed in a specified period
of time.

The Sum statistic on this metric is not relevant for volumes attached to Nitro-based
instances.

The Minimum and Maximum statistics on this metric are supported only by volumes attached to
Nitro-based instances.

Units: Count

</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="volumeReadBytes">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/ebs/metrics.ts#L109">function <b>volumeReadBytes</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents" markdown="1">

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>volumeReadBytes(change?: <a href='#EbsMetricChange'>EbsMetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


Provides information on the read operations in a specified period of time. The Sum statistic
reports the total number of bytes transferred during the period. The Average statistic
reports the average size of each read operation during the period, except on volumes attached
to a Nitro-based instance, where the average represents the average over the specified
period. The SampleCount statistic reports the total number of read operations during the
period, except on volumes attached to a Nitro-based instance, where the sample count
represents the number of data points used in the statistical calculation. For Xen instances,
data is reported only when there is read activity on the volume.

The Minimum and Maximum statistics on this metric are supported only by volumes attached to
Nitro-based instances.

Units: Bytes

</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="volumeReadOps">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/ebs/metrics.ts#L143">function <b>volumeReadOps</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents" markdown="1">

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>volumeReadOps(change?: <a href='#EbsMetricChange'>EbsMetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


The total number of read operations in a specified period of time.

To calculate the average read operations per second (read IOPS) for the period, divide the
total read operations in the period by the number of seconds in that period.

The Minimum and Maximum statistics on this metric are supported only by volumes attached to
Nitro-based instances.

Units: Count

</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="volumeThroughputPercentage">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/ebs/metrics.ts#L248">function <b>volumeThroughputPercentage</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents" markdown="1">

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>volumeThroughputPercentage(change?: <a href='#EbsMetricChange'>EbsMetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


Used with Provisioned IOPS SSD volumes only. The percentage of I/O operations per second
(IOPS) delivered of the total IOPS provisioned for an Amazon EBS volume. Provisioned IOPS SSD
volumes deliver within 10 percent of the provisioned IOPS performance 99.9 percent of the
time over a given year.

During a write, if there are no other pending I/O requests in a minute, the metric value will
be 100 percent. Also, a volume's I/O performance may become degraded temporarily due to an
action you have taken (for example, creating a snapshot of a volume during peak usage,
running the volume on a non-EBS-optimized instance, or accessing data on the volume for the
first time).

Units: Percent

</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="volumeTotalReadTime">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/ebs/metrics.ts#L178">function <b>volumeTotalReadTime</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents" markdown="1">

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>volumeTotalReadTime(change?: <a href='#EbsMetricChange'>EbsMetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


The total number of seconds spent by all read operations that completed in a specified period
of time. If multiple requests are submitted at the same time, this total could be greater
than the length of the period. For example, for a period of 5 minutes (300 seconds): if 700
operations completed during that period, and each operation took 1 second, the value would be
700 seconds. For Xen instances, data is reported only when there is read activity on the
volume.

The Average statistic on this metric is not relevant for volumes attached to Nitro-based
instances.

The Minimum and Maximum statistics on this metric are supported only by volumes attached to
Nitro-based instances.

Units: Seconds

</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="volumeTotalWriteTime">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/ebs/metrics.ts#L198">function <b>volumeTotalWriteTime</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents" markdown="1">

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>volumeTotalWriteTime(change?: <a href='#EbsMetricChange'>EbsMetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


The total number of seconds spent by all write operations that completed in a specified
period of time. If multiple requests are submitted at the same time, this total could be
greater than the length of the period. For example, for a period of 5 minutes (300 seconds):
if 700 operations completed during that period, and each operation took 1 second, the value
would be 700 seconds. For Xen instances, data is reported only when there is write activity
on the volume.

The Average statistic on this metric is not relevant for volumes attached to Nitro-based
instances.

The Minimum and Maximum statistics on this metric are supported only by volumes attached to
Nitro-based instances.

Units: Seconds

</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="volumeWriteBytes">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/ebs/metrics.ts#L128">function <b>volumeWriteBytes</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents" markdown="1">

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>volumeWriteBytes(change?: <a href='#EbsMetricChange'>EbsMetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


Provides information on the write operations in a specified period of time. The Sum statistic
reports the total number of bytes transferred during the period. The Average statistic
reports the average size of each write operation during the period, except on volumes
attached to a Nitro-based instance, where the average represents the average over the
specified period. The SampleCount statistic reports the total number of write operations
during the period, except on volumes attached to a Nitro-based instance, where the sample
count represents the number of data points used in the statistical calculation. For Xen
instances, data is reported only when there is write activity on the volume.

The Minimum and Maximum statistics on this metric are supported only by volumes attached to
Nitro-based instances.

Units: Bytes

</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="volumeWriteOps">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/ebs/metrics.ts#L158">function <b>volumeWriteOps</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents" markdown="1">

<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>volumeWriteOps(change?: <a href='#EbsMetricChange'>EbsMetricChange</a>): <a href='#Metric'>Metric</a></pre>


The total number of write operations in a specified period of time.

To calculate the average write operations per second (write IOPS) for the period, divide the
total write operations in the period by the number of seconds in that period.

The Minimum and Maximum statistics on this metric are supported only by volumes attached to
Nitro-based instances.

Units: Count

</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="EbsMetricChange">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/ebs/metrics.ts#L27">interface <b>EbsMetricChange</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents" markdown="1">
<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'>extends</span> <a href='#MetricChange'>MetricChange</a></pre>
<h3 class="pdoc-member-header" id="EbsMetricChange-color">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/cloudwatch/metric.ts#L439">property <b>color</b></a>
</h3>
<div class="pdoc-member-contents" markdown="1">
<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>color?: <a href='https://pulumi.io/reference/pkg/nodejs/@pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>&gt;;</pre>

The six-digit HTML hex color code to be used for this metric.

Only used if this metric is displayed in a [Dashboard] with a [MetricWidget].

</div>
<h3 class="pdoc-member-header" id="EbsMetricChange-dimensions">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/cloudwatch/metric.ts#L408">property <b>dimensions</b></a>
</h3>
<div class="pdoc-member-contents" markdown="1">
<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>dimensions?: <a href='https://pulumi.io/reference/pkg/nodejs/@pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;Record&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>, <span class='kd'><a href='https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/basic-types.html#any'>any</a></span>&gt;&gt;;</pre>

The new dimension for this metric.  If this object is missing this property, then no change
will be made.  However, if the property is there by set to [undefined] then the value will be
cleared.

</div>
<h3 class="pdoc-member-header" id="EbsMetricChange-extendedStatistic">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/cloudwatch/metric.ts#L426">property <b>extendedStatistic</b></a>
</h3>
<div class="pdoc-member-contents" markdown="1">
<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>extendedStatistic?: <a href='https://pulumi.io/reference/pkg/nodejs/@pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number'>number</a></span>&gt;;</pre>

The new percentile statistic for the metric associated with the alarm.  If this object is
missing this property, then no change will be made.  However, if the property is there by set
to [undefined] then the value will be set to the default.

</div>
<h3 class="pdoc-member-header" id="EbsMetricChange-label">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/cloudwatch/metric.ts#L448">property <b>label</b></a>
</h3>
<div class="pdoc-member-contents" markdown="1">
<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>label?: <a href='https://pulumi.io/reference/pkg/nodejs/@pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'>string</a></span>&gt;;</pre>

The label to display for this metric in the graph legend. If this is not specified, the
metric is given an autogenerated label that distinguishes it from the other metrics in the
widget.

Only used if this metric is displayed in a [Dashboard] with a [MetricWidget].

</div>
<h3 class="pdoc-member-header" id="EbsMetricChange-period">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/cloudwatch/metric.ts#L414">property <b>period</b></a>
</h3>
<div class="pdoc-member-contents" markdown="1">
<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>period?: <a href='https://pulumi.io/reference/pkg/nodejs/@pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number'>number</a></span>&gt;;</pre>

The new period in seconds over which the specified `stat` is applied.  If this object is
missing this property, then no change will be made.  However, if the property is there by set
to [undefined] then the value will be set to the default (300s).

</div>
<h3 class="pdoc-member-header" id="EbsMetricChange-statistic">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/cloudwatch/metric.ts#L420">property <b>statistic</b></a>
</h3>
<div class="pdoc-member-contents" markdown="1">
<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>statistic?: <a href='https://pulumi.io/reference/pkg/nodejs/@pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<a href='#MetricStatistic'>MetricStatistic</a>&gt;;</pre>

The new statistic to apply to the alarm's associated metric.  If this object is missing this
property, then no change will be made.  However, if the property is there by set to
[undefined] then the value will be set to the default.

</div>
<h3 class="pdoc-member-header" id="EbsMetricChange-unit">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/cloudwatch/metric.ts#L432">property <b>unit</b></a>
</h3>
<div class="pdoc-member-contents" markdown="1">
<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>unit?: <a href='https://pulumi.io/reference/pkg/nodejs/@pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<a href='#MetricUnit'>MetricUnit</a>&gt;;</pre>

The new unit for this metric.   If this object is missing this property, then no change will
be made.  However, if the property is there by set to [undefined] then the value will be set
to the default.

</div>
<h3 class="pdoc-member-header" id="EbsMetricChange-visible">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/cloudwatch/metric.ts#L456">property <b>visible</b></a>
</h3>
<div class="pdoc-member-contents" markdown="1">
<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>visible?: <a href='https://pulumi.io/reference/pkg/nodejs/@pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='kd'><a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean'>boolean</a></span>&gt;;</pre>

Set this to true to have the metric appear in the graph, or false to have it be hidden. The
default is true.

Only used if this metric is displayed in a [Dashboard] with a [MetricWidget].

</div>
<h3 class="pdoc-member-header" id="EbsMetricChange-volume">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/ebs/metrics.ts#L32">property <b>volume</b></a>
</h3>
<div class="pdoc-member-contents" markdown="1">
<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>volume?: aws.ebs.Volume;</pre>

The only dimension that Amazon EBS sends to CloudWatch is the volume ID. This means that
all available statistics are filtered by volume ID.

</div>
<h3 class="pdoc-member-header" id="EbsMetricChange-yAxis">
<a class="pdoc-child-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/cloudwatch/metric.ts#L463">property <b>yAxis</b></a>
</h3>
<div class="pdoc-member-contents" markdown="1">
<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'></span>yAxis?: <a href='https://pulumi.io/reference/pkg/nodejs/@pulumi/pulumi/#Input'>pulumi.Input</a>&lt;<span class='s2'>"left"</span> | <span class='s2'>"right"</span>&gt;;</pre>

Where on the graph to display the y-axis for this metric. The default is left.

Only used if this metric is displayed in a [Dashboard] with a [MetricWidget].

</div>
</div>
<h2 class="pdoc-module-header" id="EbsMetricName">
<a class="pdoc-member-name" href="https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-awsx/blob/master/nodejs/awsx/ebs/metrics.ts#L21">type <b>EbsMetricName</b></a>
</h2>
<div class="pdoc-module-contents" markdown="1">
<pre class="highlight"><span class='kd'>type</span> EbsMetricName = <span class='s2'>"VolumeReadBytes"</span> | <span class='s2'>"VolumeWriteBytes"</span> | <span class='s2'>"VolumeReadOps"</span> | <span class='s2'>"VolumeWriteOps"</span> | <span class='s2'>"VolumeTotalReadTime"</span> | <span class='s2'>"VolumeTotalWriteTime"</span> | <span class='s2'>"VolumeIdleTime"</span> | <span class='s2'>"VolumeQueueLength"</span> | <span class='s2'>"VolumeThroughputPercentage"</span> | <span class='s2'>"VolumeConsumedReadWriteOps"</span> | <span class='s2'>"BurstBalance"</span>;</pre>
</div>
