content/webinars/pulumi-update-2020-04-22/index.md, before:

---
# Name of the webinar.
title: "Pulumi Up(date)"
meta_desc: "Join Pulumi CEO, Joe Duffy, and the Pulumi team for a walk-through of all the improvements and modern infrastructure capabilities of Pulumi."

aliases: [
    "/webinars/pulumi-v2-virtual-launch"
]

# If the video is pre-recorded or live.
pre_recorded: false

# If the video is part of the PulumiTV series. Setting this value to true will list the video in the "PulumiTV" section.
pulumi_tv: false

# The preview image will be shown on the list page.
preview_image: "/images/webinar/pulumi-up(date)-2020-04-22.png"

# Webinars with unlisted as true will not be shown on the webinar list
unlisted: false

# Gated webinars will have a registration form and the user will need
# to fill out the form before viewing.
gated: true

# The layout of the landing page.
type: webinars

# External webinars will link to an external page instead of a webinar
# landing/registration page.
external: false

# The url slug for the webinar landing page. If this is an external
# webinar, use the external URL as the value here.
url_slug: "pulumi-update-2020-04-22"

# The content of the hero section.
hero:
    # The title text in the hero. This also serves as the pages H1.
    title: "Pulumi Up(date)"
    # The image the appears on the right hand side of the hero.
    image: "/icons/containers.svg"

# Content for the left hand side section of the page.
main:
    # Webinar title.
    title: "Pulumi Up(date)"
    # Datetime of the webinar.
    datetime: "WED APR 22, 2020 AT 11:00AM PDT"
    # Description of the webinar.
    description: |
        Join Pulumi CEO, Joe Duffy, and the Pulumi team for a walk-through of all the improvements and modern infrastructure capabilities of Pulumi.

    # The webinar presenters
    presenters:
        - name: Joe Duffy
          role: Founder & CEO, Pulumi

    # A bullet point list containing what the user will learn during the webinar.


# The right hand side webinar section.
form:
    # GoToWebinar webinar key. This key allows us to register people for webinars via the
    # HubSpot form.
    gotowebinar_key: "1156022533022330893"

    # HubSpot form id.
    hubspot_form_id: "1388349f-96d5-4067-b08f-b4b95396054a"
---

Commit message:

Order webinar lists by date

content/webinars/pulumi-update-2020-04-22/index.md, after:

---
# Name of the webinar.
title: "Pulumi Up(date)"
meta_desc: "Join Pulumi CEO, Joe Duffy, and the Pulumi team for a walk-through of all the improvements and modern infrastructure capabilities of Pulumi."

aliases: [
    "/webinars/pulumi-v2-virtual-launch"
]

# If the video is pre-recorded or live.
pre_recorded: false

# If the video is part of the PulumiTV series. Setting this value to true will list the video in the "PulumiTV" section.
pulumi_tv: false

# The preview image will be shown on the list page.
preview_image: "/images/webinar/pulumi-up(date)-2020-04-22.png"

# Webinars with unlisted as true will not be shown on the webinar list
unlisted: false

# Gated webinars will have a registration form and the user will need
# to fill out the form before viewing.
gated: true

# The layout of the landing page.
type: webinars

# External webinars will link to an external page instead of a webinar
# landing/registration page.
external: false

# The url slug for the webinar landing page. If this is an external
# webinar, use the external URL as the value here.
url_slug: "pulumi-update-2020-04-22"

# The content of the hero section.
hero:
    # The title text in the hero. This also serves as the pages H1.
    title: "Pulumi Up(date)"
    # The image the appears on the right hand side of the hero.
    image: "/icons/containers.svg"

# Content for the left hand side section of the page.
main:
    # Webinar title.
    title: "Pulumi Up(date)"
    # Sortable date. The datetime Hugo will use to sort the webinars in date order.
    sortable_date: 2020-04-22 11:00:00 -07:00
    # Datetime of the webinar.
    datetime: "WED APR 22, 2020 AT 11:00AM PDT"
    # Description of the webinar.
    description: |
        Join Pulumi CEO, Joe Duffy, and the Pulumi team for a walk-through of all the improvements and modern infrastructure capabilities of Pulumi.

    # The webinar presenters
    presenters:
        - name: Joe Duffy
          role: Founder & CEO, Pulumi

    # A bullet point list containing what the user will learn during the webinar.


# The right hand side webinar section.
form:
    # GoToWebinar webinar key. This key allows us to register people for webinars via the
    # HubSpot form.
    gotowebinar_key: "1156022533022330893"

    # HubSpot form id.
    hubspot_form_id: "1388349f-96d5-4067-b08f-b4b95396054a"
---
