content/docs/get-started/aws/review-project.md, before:

---
title: Review the New Project | AWS
h1: Review the New Project
linktitle: Review the New Project
meta_desc: This page provides an overview on how to a review a new AWS project.
weight: 6
menu:
  getstarted:
    parent: aws
    identifier: aws-review-project

aliases: ["/docs/quickstart/aws/review-project/"]
---

Let's review some of the generated project files:

- `Pulumi.yaml` defines the [project]({{< relref "/docs/intro/concepts/project" >}}).
- `Pulumi.dev.yaml` contains [configuration]({{< relref "/docs/intro/concepts/config" >}}) values for the [stack]({{< relref "/docs/intro/concepts/stack" >}}) we initialized.
- {{< langfile >}} is the Pulumi program that defines our stack resources. Let's examine it.

{{< langchoose csharp >}}

```javascript
"use strict";
const pulumi = require("@pulumi/pulumi");
const aws = require("@pulumi/aws");
const awsx = require("@pulumi/awsx");

// Create an AWS resource (S3 Bucket)
const bucket = new aws.s3.Bucket("my-bucket");

// Export the name of the bucket
exports.bucketName = bucket.id;
```

```typescript
import * as pulumi from "@pulumi/pulumi";
import * as aws from "@pulumi/aws";
import * as awsx from "@pulumi/awsx";

// Create an AWS resource (S3 Bucket)
const bucket = new aws.s3.Bucket("my-bucket");

// Export the name of the bucket
export const bucketName = bucket.id;
```

```python
import pulumi
from pulumi_aws import s3

# Create an AWS resource (S3 Bucket)
bucket = s3.Bucket('my-bucket')

# Export the name of the bucket
pulumi.export('bucket_name',  bucket.id)
```

```go
package main

import (
    "github.com/pulumi/pulumi-aws/sdk/go/aws/s3"
    "github.com/pulumi/pulumi/sdk/go/pulumi"
)

func main() {
    pulumi.Run(func(ctx *pulumi.Context) error {
        // Create an AWS resource (S3 Bucket)
        bucket, err := s3.NewBucket(ctx, "my-bucket", nil)
        if err != nil {
            return err
        }

        // Export the name of the bucket
        ctx.Export("bucketName", bucket.ID())
        return nil
    })
}
```

```csharp
using System.Collections.Generic;
using System.Threading.Tasks;
using Pulumi;
using Pulumi.Aws.S3;

class Program
{
    static Task Main()
    {
        return Deployment.RunAsync(() => {
            // Create an AWS resource (S3 Bucket)
            var bucket = new Bucket("my-bucket");

            // Export the name of the bucket
            return new Dictionary<string, object> {
                { "bucket_name" , bucket.Id },
            };
        });
    }
}
```

This Pulumi program creates an S3 bucket and exports the name of the bucket.

{{% lang python %}}
For Python, before we deploy the stack, the following commands need to be run to create a virtual environment, activate it, and install dependencies:

```bash
$ virtualenv -p python3 venv
```

```bash
$ source venv/bin/activate
```

```bash
$ pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```

{{% /lang %}}

{{% lang go %}}
For Go, before we can deploy the stack, you will need to initialize your project's dependencies. Any dependency manager can be used, including Go's built-in module system:

```bash
$ go mod init
```

{{% /lang %}}

Next, we'll deploy the stack.

{{< get-started-stepper >}}

Commit message:

Move Go steps to pages with tabs
Because our language chooser doesn't show/hide language
elements for pages without tabs, some Go steps are hidden.
We tried to make that logic apply even when tabs aren't present,
but that had unintented consequences for regular content like
blogs. So, just move those steps to pages with tabs on them.

content/docs/get-started/aws/review-project.md, after:

---
title: Review the New Project | AWS
h1: Review the New Project
linktitle: Review the New Project
meta_desc: This page provides an overview on how to a review a new AWS project.
weight: 6
menu:
  getstarted:
    parent: aws
    identifier: aws-review-project

aliases: ["/docs/quickstart/aws/review-project/"]
---

Let's review some of the generated project files:

- `Pulumi.yaml` defines the [project]({{< relref "/docs/intro/concepts/project" >}}).
- `Pulumi.dev.yaml` contains [configuration]({{< relref "/docs/intro/concepts/config" >}}) values for the [stack]({{< relref "/docs/intro/concepts/stack" >}}) we initialized.
- {{< langfile >}} is the Pulumi program that defines our stack resources. Let's examine it.

{{< langchoose csharp >}}

```javascript
"use strict";
const pulumi = require("@pulumi/pulumi");
const aws = require("@pulumi/aws");
const awsx = require("@pulumi/awsx");

// Create an AWS resource (S3 Bucket)
const bucket = new aws.s3.Bucket("my-bucket");

// Export the name of the bucket
exports.bucketName = bucket.id;
```

```typescript
import * as pulumi from "@pulumi/pulumi";
import * as aws from "@pulumi/aws";
import * as awsx from "@pulumi/awsx";

// Create an AWS resource (S3 Bucket)
const bucket = new aws.s3.Bucket("my-bucket");

// Export the name of the bucket
export const bucketName = bucket.id;
```

```python
import pulumi
from pulumi_aws import s3

# Create an AWS resource (S3 Bucket)
bucket = s3.Bucket('my-bucket')

# Export the name of the bucket
pulumi.export('bucket_name',  bucket.id)
```

```go
package main

import (
    "github.com/pulumi/pulumi-aws/sdk/go/aws/s3"
    "github.com/pulumi/pulumi/sdk/go/pulumi"
)

func main() {
    pulumi.Run(func(ctx *pulumi.Context) error {
        // Create an AWS resource (S3 Bucket)
        bucket, err := s3.NewBucket(ctx, "my-bucket", nil)
        if err != nil {
            return err
        }

        // Export the name of the bucket
        ctx.Export("bucketName", bucket.ID())
        return nil
    })
}
```

```csharp
using System.Collections.Generic;
using System.Threading.Tasks;
using Pulumi;
using Pulumi.Aws.S3;

class Program
{
    static Task Main()
    {
        return Deployment.RunAsync(() => {
            // Create an AWS resource (S3 Bucket)
            var bucket = new Bucket("my-bucket");

            // Export the name of the bucket
            return new Dictionary<string, object> {
                { "bucket_name" , bucket.Id },
            };
        });
    }
}
```

This Pulumi program creates an S3 bucket and exports the name of the bucket.

{{% lang python %}}
For Python, before we deploy the stack, the following commands need to be run to create a virtual environment, activate it, and install dependencies:

```bash
$ virtualenv -p python3 venv
```

```bash
$ source venv/bin/activate
```

```bash
$ pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```

{{% /lang %}}

{{% lang go %}}
For Go, before we can deploy the stack, you will need to initialize your project's dependencies. Any dependency manager can be used, including Go's built-in module system:

```bash
$ go mod init
```

Because Go is a compiled language, you also need to compile it:

```bash
$ go build $(basename $(pwd))
```

This instructs Go to create a binary whose name is the same as your directory. It needs to match your project name.
{{% /lang %}}

Next, we'll deploy the stack.

{{< get-started-stepper >}}
