content/blog/introducing-pulumi-a-cloud-development-platform/index.md, before:

---
title: "Introducing Pulumi, a Cloud Development Platform"
date: "2018-06-18"
meta_desc: "Ahoy! Today we are thrilled to announce the launch of Pulumi, the cloud's first true programming model using real programming languages."
authors: ["joe-duffy"]
tags: ["Pulumi-News"]
---

Ahoy!

Today [we launched](https://info.pulumi.com/press-release/pulumi-launches-cloud-development-platform-to-help-teams-get-code-to-the-cloud-faster)
[Pulumi](/), an open source cloud development platform,
providing the cloud's first true programming model using real
programming languages.

We believe that containers, serverless, and hosted cloud services change
everything about how we design and build software. All developers these
days are cloud developers. We saw a big gap in the way people want to
create this software, and how they are required to do it today with
configuration YAML and templating languages, and sought to close that
gap.

Pulumi brings all the things we know and love with programming languages
-- IDEs, abstraction, encapsulation, sharing and reuse, and more -- to
the creation of all aspects of cloud programs, while retaining the full
power of immutable infrastructure across Amazon Web Services (AWS),
Microsoft Azure, and Google Cloud Platform (GCP), as well as Kubernetes
running in any public, private, or hybrid cloud.  An open ecosystem of
packages promises to eliminate copy-and-paste, and encourage sharing of
best practices within teams and the community.

We started on Pulumi a little over a year ago, have built an incredible
team, and I'm thrilled to announce its availability.  Download or learn
more [here]({{< relref "/docs" >}}), or read more background on Pulumi's
motivation and world-view **[over on my personal blog](http://joeduffyblog.com/2018/06/18/hello-pulumi)**.

The team can't wait to see all the incredible things you will build
using Pulumi.

Commit message:

SEO optimization, KW "cloud development platform"
Primary KW: cloud development platform
Secondary KWs: cloud application platform, cloud development platforms, cloud application development platform
Semantically relevant topics/language: development, applications, application, data, service

content/blog/introducing-pulumi-a-cloud-development-platform/index.md, after:

---
title: "Introducing Pulumi, a Cloud Development Platform"
date: "2018-06-18"
meta_desc: "Announcing the launch of Pulumi, an open source cloud development platform, and the cloud's first true programming model using real programming languages."
authors: ["joe-duffy"]
tags: ["Pulumi-News"]
---

Ahoy!

Today [we launched](https://info.pulumi.com/press-release/pulumi-launches-cloud-development-platform-to-help-teams-get-code-to-the-cloud-faster)
[Pulumi](/), an open source cloud development platform,
providing the cloud's first true programming model using real
programming languages.

We believe that containers, serverless, and hosted cloud services change
everything about how we design and build software and applications. All developers these
days are cloud developers. We saw a big gap in the way people want to
create this software, and how they are required to do it today with
configuration YAML and templating languages, and sought to close that
gap.

Pulumi brings all the things we know and love with programming languages
-- IDEs, abstraction, encapsulation, sharing and reuse, and more -- to
the creation of all aspects of cloud programs and applications, while retaining the full
power of immutable infrastructure across Amazon Web Services (AWS),
Microsoft Azure, and Google Cloud Platform (GCP), as well as Kubernetes
running in any public, private, or hybrid cloud.  An open ecosystem of
packages promises to eliminate copy-and-paste, and encourage sharing of
best practices within teams and the community.

We started on Pulumi a little over a year ago, have built an incredible
team, and I'm thrilled to announce its availability.  Download or learn
more about this unique cloud development platform [here]({{< relref "/docs" >}}), or read more background on Pulumi's
motivation and world-view **[over on my personal blog](http://joeduffyblog.com/2018/06/18/hello-pulumi)**.

The team can't wait to see all the incredible things you will build
using Pulumi.
